starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the `` forgotten floor '' will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment , not just punishment . mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to leifman .
starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the `` forgotten floor '' will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment , not just punishment . leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals .
starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the `` forgotten floor '' will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment , not just punishment . of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud .
starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the `` forgotten floor '' will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment , not just punishment . leifman tells me that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges .
mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to leifman . leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals .
mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to leifman . of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud .
mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to leifman . leifman tells me that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges .
leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals . of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud .
leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals . leifman tells me that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges .
of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud . leifman tells me that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges .
london , england -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- harry potter star daniel radcliffe gains access to a reported # 20 million -lrb- $ 41.1 million -rrb- fortune as he turns 18 on monday , but he insists the money wo n't cast a spell on him . daniel radcliffe as harry potter in `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix '' to the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world , the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars , drink and celebrity parties .
london , england -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- harry potter star daniel radcliffe gains access to a reported # 20 million -lrb- $ 41.1 million -rrb- fortune as he turns 18 on monday , but he insists the money wo n't cast a spell on him . at 18 , radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino , buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film `` hostel : part ii , '' currently six places below his number one movie on the uk box office chart .
london , england -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- harry potter star daniel radcliffe gains access to a reported # 20 million -lrb- $ 41.1 million -rrb- fortune as he turns 18 on monday , but he insists the money wo n't cast a spell on him . `` i do n't plan to be one of those people who , as soon as they turn 18 , suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar , '' he told an australian interviewer earlier this month .
london , england -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- harry potter star daniel radcliffe gains access to a reported # 20 million -lrb- $ 41.1 million -rrb- fortune as he turns 18 on monday , but he insists the money wo n't cast a spell on him . meanwhile , he is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he 's legally an adult : `` i just think i 'm going to be more sort of fair game , '' he told reuters .
daniel radcliffe as harry potter in `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix '' to the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world , the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars , drink and celebrity parties . at 18 , radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino , buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film `` hostel : part ii , '' currently six places below his number one movie on the uk box office chart .
daniel radcliffe as harry potter in `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix '' to the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world , the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars , drink and celebrity parties . `` i do n't plan to be one of those people who , as soon as they turn 18 , suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar , '' he told an australian interviewer earlier this month .
daniel radcliffe as harry potter in `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix '' to the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world , the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars , drink and celebrity parties . meanwhile , he is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he 's legally an adult : `` i just think i 'm going to be more sort of fair game , '' he told reuters .
at 18 , radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino , buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film `` hostel : part ii , '' currently six places below his number one movie on the uk box office chart . `` i do n't plan to be one of those people who , as soon as they turn 18 , suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar , '' he told an australian interviewer earlier this month .
at 18 , radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino , buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film `` hostel : part ii , '' currently six places below his number one movie on the uk box office chart . meanwhile , he is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he 's legally an adult : `` i just think i 'm going to be more sort of fair game , '' he told reuters .
`` i do n't plan to be one of those people who , as soon as they turn 18 , suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar , '' he told an australian interviewer earlier this month . meanwhile , he is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he 's legally an adult : `` i just think i 'm going to be more sort of fair game , '' he told reuters .
`` so i stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second , then i got out real quick , ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and i helped a woman off of the bridge with me . watch a driver describe his narrow escape '' at home when he heard about the disaster , dr. john hink , an emergency room physician , jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes .
`` so i stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second , then i got out real quick , ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and i helped a woman off of the bridge with me . see and hear eyewitness accounts '' bernie toivonen told cnn 's `` american morning '' that his vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle .
`` so i stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second , then i got out real quick , ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and i helped a woman off of the bridge with me . after the bridge settled and his car remained upright , `` i just put in park , turned the key off and said , ` oh , i 'm alive , ' '' he said .
`` so i stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second , then i got out real quick , ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and i helped a woman off of the bridge with me . `` i realized there was a school bus right next to me , and me and a couple of other guys went over and started lifting the kids off the bridge .
watch a driver describe his narrow escape '' at home when he heard about the disaster , dr. john hink , an emergency room physician , jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes . see and hear eyewitness accounts '' bernie toivonen told cnn 's `` american morning '' that his vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle .
watch a driver describe his narrow escape '' at home when he heard about the disaster , dr. john hink , an emergency room physician , jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes . after the bridge settled and his car remained upright , `` i just put in park , turned the key off and said , ` oh , i 'm alive , ' '' he said .
watch a driver describe his narrow escape '' at home when he heard about the disaster , dr. john hink , an emergency room physician , jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes . `` i realized there was a school bus right next to me , and me and a couple of other guys went over and started lifting the kids off the bridge .
see and hear eyewitness accounts '' bernie toivonen told cnn 's `` american morning '' that his vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle . after the bridge settled and his car remained upright , `` i just put in park , turned the key off and said , ` oh , i 'm alive , ' '' he said .
see and hear eyewitness accounts '' bernie toivonen told cnn 's `` american morning '' that his vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle . `` i realized there was a school bus right next to me , and me and a couple of other guys went over and started lifting the kids off the bridge .
after the bridge settled and his car remained upright , `` i just put in park , turned the key off and said , ` oh , i 'm alive , ' '' he said . `` i realized there was a school bus right next to me , and me and a couple of other guys went over and started lifting the kids off the bridge .
watch cnn 's arwa damon describe ` truly phenomenal ' outpouring '' shortly after youssif 's story aired wednesday , the children 's burn foundation -- a nonprofit organization based in sherman oaks , california , that provides support for burn victims locally , nationally and internationally -- agreed to pay for the transportation for youssif and his family to come to the united states and to set up a fund for donations . `` we are prepared to have them come here , set them up in a housing situation , provide support for them and begin treatment , '' said barbara friedman , executive director of the children 's burn foundation .
watch cnn 's arwa damon describe ` truly phenomenal ' outpouring '' shortly after youssif 's story aired wednesday , the children 's burn foundation -- a nonprofit organization based in sherman oaks , california , that provides support for burn victims locally , nationally and internationally -- agreed to pay for the transportation for youssif and his family to come to the united states and to set up a fund for donations . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dressed in a superman shirt , 5-year-old youssif held his sister 's hand friday , seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story .
watch cnn 's arwa damon describe ` truly phenomenal ' outpouring '' shortly after youssif 's story aired wednesday , the children 's burn foundation -- a nonprofit organization based in sherman oaks , california , that provides support for burn victims locally , nationally and internationally -- agreed to pay for the transportation for youssif and his family to come to the united states and to set up a fund for donations . the family eventually told cnn their story -- that youssif was grabbed by masked men outside their home on january 15 , doused in gasoline and set on fire .
watch cnn 's arwa damon describe ` truly phenomenal ' outpouring '' shortly after youssif 's story aired wednesday , the children 's burn foundation -- a nonprofit organization based in sherman oaks , california , that provides support for burn victims locally , nationally and internationally -- agreed to pay for the transportation for youssif and his family to come to the united states and to set up a fund for donations . `` i was so happy i did n't know what to do with myself , '' his mother , zainab , told cnn , a broad smile across her face .
`` we are prepared to have them come here , set them up in a housing situation , provide support for them and begin treatment , '' said barbara friedman , executive director of the children 's burn foundation . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dressed in a superman shirt , 5-year-old youssif held his sister 's hand friday , seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story .
`` we are prepared to have them come here , set them up in a housing situation , provide support for them and begin treatment , '' said barbara friedman , executive director of the children 's burn foundation . the family eventually told cnn their story -- that youssif was grabbed by masked men outside their home on january 15 , doused in gasoline and set on fire .
`` we are prepared to have them come here , set them up in a housing situation , provide support for them and begin treatment , '' said barbara friedman , executive director of the children 's burn foundation . `` i was so happy i did n't know what to do with myself , '' his mother , zainab , told cnn , a broad smile across her face .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dressed in a superman shirt , 5-year-old youssif held his sister 's hand friday , seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story . the family eventually told cnn their story -- that youssif was grabbed by masked men outside their home on january 15 , doused in gasoline and set on fire .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dressed in a superman shirt , 5-year-old youssif held his sister 's hand friday , seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story . `` i was so happy i did n't know what to do with myself , '' his mother , zainab , told cnn , a broad smile across her face .
the family eventually told cnn their story -- that youssif was grabbed by masked men outside their home on january 15 , doused in gasoline and set on fire . `` i was so happy i did n't know what to do with myself , '' his mother , zainab , told cnn , a broad smile across her face .
he planned to have lunch at camp david and have briefings with national security adviser stephen hadley and white house chief of staff josh bolten , and planned to take a bicycle ride saturday afternoon . the procedure was supervised by dr. richard tubb , bush 's physician , and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , the white house said .
he planned to have lunch at camp david and have briefings with national security adviser stephen hadley and white house chief of staff josh bolten , and planned to take a bicycle ride saturday afternoon . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- doctors removed five small polyps from president bush 's colon on saturday , and `` none appeared worrisome , '' a white house spokesman said .
he planned to have lunch at camp david and have briefings with national security adviser stephen hadley and white house chief of staff josh bolten , and planned to take a bicycle ride saturday afternoon . a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic .
he planned to have lunch at camp david and have briefings with national security adviser stephen hadley and white house chief of staff josh bolten , and planned to take a bicycle ride saturday afternoon . he spoke to first lady laura bush -- who is in midland , texas , celebrating her mother 's birthday -- before and after the procedure , stanzel said .
the procedure was supervised by dr. richard tubb , bush 's physician , and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , the white house said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- doctors removed five small polyps from president bush 's colon on saturday , and `` none appeared worrisome , '' a white house spokesman said .
the procedure was supervised by dr. richard tubb , bush 's physician , and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , the white house said . a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic .
the procedure was supervised by dr. richard tubb , bush 's physician , and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , the white house said . he spoke to first lady laura bush -- who is in midland , texas , celebrating her mother 's birthday -- before and after the procedure , stanzel said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- doctors removed five small polyps from president bush 's colon on saturday , and `` none appeared worrisome , '' a white house spokesman said . a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- doctors removed five small polyps from president bush 's colon on saturday , and `` none appeared worrisome , '' a white house spokesman said . he spoke to first lady laura bush -- who is in midland , texas , celebrating her mother 's birthday -- before and after the procedure , stanzel said .
a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic . he spoke to first lady laura bush -- who is in midland , texas , celebrating her mother 's birthday -- before and after the procedure , stanzel said .
in an additional summary of facts , signed by vick and filed with the agreement , vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs , but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won . vick said he would plead guilty to one count of `` conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture '' in a plea agreement filed at u.s. district court in richmond , virginia .
in an additional summary of facts , signed by vick and filed with the agreement , vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs , but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won . watch what led to vick 's suspension '' goodell said the falcons could `` assert any claims or remedies '' to recover $ 22 million of vick 's signing bonus from the 10-year , $ 130 million contract he signed in 2004 , according to the associated press .
in an additional summary of facts , signed by vick and filed with the agreement , vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs , but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won . `` peace , phillips and vick agreed to the killing of approximately 6-8 dogs that did not perform well in ` testing ' sessions at 1915 moonlight road and all of those dogs were killed by various methods , including hanging and drowning .
in an additional summary of facts , signed by vick and filed with the agreement , vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs , but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won . `` such costs may include , but are not limited to , all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case , including if necessary , the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals . ''
vick said he would plead guilty to one count of `` conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture '' in a plea agreement filed at u.s. district court in richmond , virginia . watch what led to vick 's suspension '' goodell said the falcons could `` assert any claims or remedies '' to recover $ 22 million of vick 's signing bonus from the 10-year , $ 130 million contract he signed in 2004 , according to the associated press .
vick said he would plead guilty to one count of `` conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture '' in a plea agreement filed at u.s. district court in richmond , virginia . `` peace , phillips and vick agreed to the killing of approximately 6-8 dogs that did not perform well in ` testing ' sessions at 1915 moonlight road and all of those dogs were killed by various methods , including hanging and drowning .
vick said he would plead guilty to one count of `` conspiracy to travel in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture '' in a plea agreement filed at u.s. district court in richmond , virginia . `` such costs may include , but are not limited to , all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case , including if necessary , the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals . ''
watch what led to vick 's suspension '' goodell said the falcons could `` assert any claims or remedies '' to recover $ 22 million of vick 's signing bonus from the 10-year , $ 130 million contract he signed in 2004 , according to the associated press . `` peace , phillips and vick agreed to the killing of approximately 6-8 dogs that did not perform well in ` testing ' sessions at 1915 moonlight road and all of those dogs were killed by various methods , including hanging and drowning .
watch what led to vick 's suspension '' goodell said the falcons could `` assert any claims or remedies '' to recover $ 22 million of vick 's signing bonus from the 10-year , $ 130 million contract he signed in 2004 , according to the associated press . `` such costs may include , but are not limited to , all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case , including if necessary , the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals . ''
`` peace , phillips and vick agreed to the killing of approximately 6-8 dogs that did not perform well in ` testing ' sessions at 1915 moonlight road and all of those dogs were killed by various methods , including hanging and drowning . `` such costs may include , but are not limited to , all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case , including if necessary , the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals . ''
the team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as mohammed puts it , `` come tell us what -lsb- they -rsb- are ... going to do about this . '' rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : `` she has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . ''
the team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as mohammed puts it , `` come tell us what -lsb- they -rsb- are ... going to do about this . '' `` at this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , '' says yanar mohammed , head and founder of the organization for women 's freedom in iraq .
the team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as mohammed puts it , `` come tell us what -lsb- they -rsb- are ... going to do about this . '' `` people should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , '' says 37-year-old suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves .
the team 's aim is to compile information on specific cases and present it to iraq 's political parties -- to have them , as mohammed puts it , `` come tell us what -lsb- they -rsb- are ... going to do about this . '' `` most of the women that we find at hospitals -lsb- who -rsb- have tried to commit suicide '' have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed 's team .
rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : `` she has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . '' `` at this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , '' says yanar mohammed , head and founder of the organization for women 's freedom in iraq .
rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : `` she has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . '' `` people should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , '' says 37-year-old suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves .
rahim tells the heartbreaking story of one woman they found who lives in a room with three of her children : `` she has sex while her three children are in the room , but she makes them stand in separate corners . '' `` most of the women that we find at hospitals -lsb- who -rsb- have tried to commit suicide '' have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed 's team .
`` at this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , '' says yanar mohammed , head and founder of the organization for women 's freedom in iraq . `` people should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , '' says 37-year-old suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves .
`` at this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , '' says yanar mohammed , head and founder of the organization for women 's freedom in iraq . `` most of the women that we find at hospitals -lsb- who -rsb- have tried to commit suicide '' have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed 's team .
`` people should n't criticize women , or talk badly about them , '' says 37-year-old suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves . `` most of the women that we find at hospitals -lsb- who -rsb- have tried to commit suicide '' have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed 's team .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- white house press secretary tony snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post september 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary dana perino , the white house announced friday . he said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do `` some radio , some tv , but i do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- white house press secretary tony snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post september 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary dana perino , the white house announced friday . the press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- white house press secretary tony snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post september 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary dana perino , the white house announced friday . snow said on friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- white house press secretary tony snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post september 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary dana perino , the white house announced friday . snow had been an anchor for `` fox news sunday '' and a political analyst for the fox news channel , which he joined in 1996 .
he said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do `` some radio , some tv , but i do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . '' the press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month .
he said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do `` some radio , some tv , but i do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . '' snow said on friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment .
he said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do `` some radio , some tv , but i do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . '' snow had been an anchor for `` fox news sunday '' and a political analyst for the fox news channel , which he joined in 1996 .
the press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month . snow said on friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment .
the press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month . snow had been an anchor for `` fox news sunday '' and a political analyst for the fox news channel , which he joined in 1996 .
snow said on friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment . snow had been an anchor for `` fox news sunday '' and a political analyst for the fox news channel , which he joined in 1996 .
`` whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' '' the president will say . on wednesday in kansas city , missouri , bush will tell members of the veterans of foreign wars that `` then , as now , people argued that the real problem was america 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , '' according to speech excerpts released tuesday by the white house .
`` whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' '' the president will say . the white house is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the american legion , as an effort to `` provide broader context '' for the debate over the upcoming iraq progress report by gen. david petraeus , the top u.s. military commander , and ryan crocker , the u.s. ambassador in baghdad .
`` whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' '' the president will say . the president will also make the argument that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising u.s. credibility , citing a quote from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that the american people would rise against the iraq war the same way they rose against the war in vietnam , according to the excerpts .
`` whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' '' the president will say . in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush in wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from asia , including the u.s. defeat and occupation of japan after world war ii and the korean war in the 1950s , according to the excerpts .
on wednesday in kansas city , missouri , bush will tell members of the veterans of foreign wars that `` then , as now , people argued that the real problem was america 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , '' according to speech excerpts released tuesday by the white house . the white house is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the american legion , as an effort to `` provide broader context '' for the debate over the upcoming iraq progress report by gen. david petraeus , the top u.s. military commander , and ryan crocker , the u.s. ambassador in baghdad .
on wednesday in kansas city , missouri , bush will tell members of the veterans of foreign wars that `` then , as now , people argued that the real problem was america 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , '' according to speech excerpts released tuesday by the white house . the president will also make the argument that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising u.s. credibility , citing a quote from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that the american people would rise against the iraq war the same way they rose against the war in vietnam , according to the excerpts .
on wednesday in kansas city , missouri , bush will tell members of the veterans of foreign wars that `` then , as now , people argued that the real problem was america 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , '' according to speech excerpts released tuesday by the white house . in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush in wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from asia , including the u.s. defeat and occupation of japan after world war ii and the korean war in the 1950s , according to the excerpts .
the white house is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the american legion , as an effort to `` provide broader context '' for the debate over the upcoming iraq progress report by gen. david petraeus , the top u.s. military commander , and ryan crocker , the u.s. ambassador in baghdad . the president will also make the argument that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising u.s. credibility , citing a quote from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that the american people would rise against the iraq war the same way they rose against the war in vietnam , according to the excerpts .
the white house is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the american legion , as an effort to `` provide broader context '' for the debate over the upcoming iraq progress report by gen. david petraeus , the top u.s. military commander , and ryan crocker , the u.s. ambassador in baghdad . in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush in wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from asia , including the u.s. defeat and occupation of japan after world war ii and the korean war in the 1950s , according to the excerpts .
the president will also make the argument that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising u.s. credibility , citing a quote from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that the american people would rise against the iraq war the same way they rose against the war in vietnam , according to the excerpts . in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush in wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from asia , including the u.s. defeat and occupation of japan after world war ii and the korean war in the 1950s , according to the excerpts .
`` and basically , through all the information we 've gleaned over the past nearly four weeks in terms of the conditions we found , in terms of the air readings we found down there and ... everything else , we just do n't know where else we can put a hole to get any other information . '' see photos of the rescue mission '' there were no public statements saturday from bob murray , president and ceo of murray mining , co-owner of the crandall canyon mine , who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks , then largely disappeared from public view .
`` and basically , through all the information we 've gleaned over the past nearly four weeks in terms of the conditions we found , in terms of the air readings we found down there and ... everything else , we just do n't know where else we can put a hole to get any other information . '' `` the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community , and our thoughts and prayers are with them all , '' chao said in a statement .
`` and basically , through all the information we 've gleaned over the past nearly four weeks in terms of the conditions we found , in terms of the air readings we found down there and ... everything else , we just do n't know where else we can put a hole to get any other information . '' efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed , and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working .
`` and basically , through all the information we 've gleaned over the past nearly four weeks in terms of the conditions we found , in terms of the air readings we found down there and ... everything else , we just do n't know where else we can put a hole to get any other information . '' `` over the past 25 days , the mine safety and health administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners , '' richard stickler , head of the agency , said in a statement .
see photos of the rescue mission '' there were no public statements saturday from bob murray , president and ceo of murray mining , co-owner of the crandall canyon mine , who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks , then largely disappeared from public view . `` the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community , and our thoughts and prayers are with them all , '' chao said in a statement .
see photos of the rescue mission '' there were no public statements saturday from bob murray , president and ceo of murray mining , co-owner of the crandall canyon mine , who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks , then largely disappeared from public view . efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed , and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working .
see photos of the rescue mission '' there were no public statements saturday from bob murray , president and ceo of murray mining , co-owner of the crandall canyon mine , who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks , then largely disappeared from public view . `` over the past 25 days , the mine safety and health administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners , '' richard stickler , head of the agency , said in a statement .
`` the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community , and our thoughts and prayers are with them all , '' chao said in a statement . efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed , and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working .
`` the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community , and our thoughts and prayers are with them all , '' chao said in a statement . `` over the past 25 days , the mine safety and health administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners , '' richard stickler , head of the agency , said in a statement .
efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed , and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working . `` over the past 25 days , the mine safety and health administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners , '' richard stickler , head of the agency , said in a statement .
he was also indicted in the united states along with two other farc commanders in november 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two u.s. oil workers from neighboring venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . tomas medina caracas , known popularly as `` el negro acacio , '' was a member of the high command of the fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia and , according to colombian and u.s. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network .
he was also indicted in the united states along with two other farc commanders in november 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two u.s. oil workers from neighboring venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . `` after a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four gps systems , '' defense minister juan manuel santos said at a news conference .
he was also indicted in the united states along with two other farc commanders in november 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two u.s. oil workers from neighboring venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . bogota , colombia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a key rebel commander and fugitive from a u.s. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the colombian military said monday .
he was also indicted in the united states along with two other farc commanders in november 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two u.s. oil workers from neighboring venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . established in 1964 as the military wing of the colombian communist party , farc is colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u.s. department of state .
tomas medina caracas , known popularly as `` el negro acacio , '' was a member of the high command of the fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia and , according to colombian and u.s. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network . `` after a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four gps systems , '' defense minister juan manuel santos said at a news conference .
tomas medina caracas , known popularly as `` el negro acacio , '' was a member of the high command of the fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia and , according to colombian and u.s. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network . bogota , colombia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a key rebel commander and fugitive from a u.s. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the colombian military said monday .
tomas medina caracas , known popularly as `` el negro acacio , '' was a member of the high command of the fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia and , according to colombian and u.s. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network . established in 1964 as the military wing of the colombian communist party , farc is colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u.s. department of state .
`` after a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four gps systems , '' defense minister juan manuel santos said at a news conference . bogota , colombia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a key rebel commander and fugitive from a u.s. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the colombian military said monday .
`` after a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four gps systems , '' defense minister juan manuel santos said at a news conference . established in 1964 as the military wing of the colombian communist party , farc is colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u.s. department of state .
bogota , colombia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a key rebel commander and fugitive from a u.s. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the colombian military said monday . established in 1964 as the military wing of the colombian communist party , farc is colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u.s. department of state .
a neighbor , joe quinn , said the object lying on desai 's lawn looked military , was brown , had a handle and strap , and `` both ends were open , like you could shoot something with it . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police and fbi agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a jersey city , new jersey , home , fbi spokesman sean quinn said .
a neighbor , joe quinn , said the object lying on desai 's lawn looked military , was brown , had a handle and strap , and `` both ends were open , like you could shoot something with it . '' the launcher `` is no longer operable and not considered to be a hazard to public safety , '' police said , adding there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently .
a neighbor , joe quinn , said the object lying on desai 's lawn looked military , was brown , had a handle and strap , and `` both ends were open , like you could shoot something with it . '' `` al qaeda does n't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies , '' said paul cruickshank of new york university law school 's center on law and security .
a neighbor , joe quinn , said the object lying on desai 's lawn looked military , was brown , had a handle and strap , and `` both ends were open , like you could shoot something with it . '' the launcher has been turned over to u.s. army officials at the 754th ordnance company , an explosive ordnance disposal unit , at fort monmouth , new jersey , army officials said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police and fbi agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a jersey city , new jersey , home , fbi spokesman sean quinn said . the launcher `` is no longer operable and not considered to be a hazard to public safety , '' police said , adding there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police and fbi agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a jersey city , new jersey , home , fbi spokesman sean quinn said . `` al qaeda does n't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies , '' said paul cruickshank of new york university law school 's center on law and security .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police and fbi agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a jersey city , new jersey , home , fbi spokesman sean quinn said . the launcher has been turned over to u.s. army officials at the 754th ordnance company , an explosive ordnance disposal unit , at fort monmouth , new jersey , army officials said .
the launcher `` is no longer operable and not considered to be a hazard to public safety , '' police said , adding there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently . `` al qaeda does n't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies , '' said paul cruickshank of new york university law school 's center on law and security .
the launcher `` is no longer operable and not considered to be a hazard to public safety , '' police said , adding there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently . the launcher has been turned over to u.s. army officials at the 754th ordnance company , an explosive ordnance disposal unit , at fort monmouth , new jersey , army officials said .
`` al qaeda does n't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies , '' said paul cruickshank of new york university law school 's center on law and security . the launcher has been turned over to u.s. army officials at the 754th ordnance company , an explosive ordnance disposal unit , at fort monmouth , new jersey , army officials said .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the san francisco area friday at 4:42 a.m. pt -lrb- 7:42 a.m. et -rrb- , the u.s. geological survey reported . watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake '' the quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the usgs said .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the san francisco area friday at 4:42 a.m. pt -lrb- 7:42 a.m. et -rrb- , the u.s. geological survey reported . `` we had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , '' said capt.
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the san francisco area friday at 4:42 a.m. pt -lrb- 7:42 a.m. et -rrb- , the u.s. geological survey reported . under the usgs classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered `` light , '' which it says usually causes minimal damage .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the san francisco area friday at 4:42 a.m. pt -lrb- 7:42 a.m. et -rrb- , the u.s. geological survey reported . according to the usgs , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects .
watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake '' the quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the usgs said . `` we had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , '' said capt.
watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake '' the quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the usgs said . under the usgs classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered `` light , '' which it says usually causes minimal damage .
watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake '' the quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the usgs said . according to the usgs , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects .
`` we had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , '' said capt. under the usgs classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered `` light , '' which it says usually causes minimal damage .
`` we had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , '' said capt. according to the usgs , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects .
under the usgs classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered `` light , '' which it says usually causes minimal damage . according to the usgs , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see algeria 's president in batna , east of the capital of algiers , the algerie presse service reported . later thursday , algeria 's interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni said `` a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon , '' but the person escaped `` immediately after the bomb exploded , '' the press service reported .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see algeria 's president in batna , east of the capital of algiers , the algerie presse service reported . the explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters -lrb- 65 feet -rrb- from a mosque in batna , a town about 450 kilometers -lrb- 280 miles -rrb- east of algiers , security officials in batna told the state-run news agency .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see algeria 's president in batna , east of the capital of algiers , the algerie presse service reported . bouteflika made his visit to batna as planned , adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see algeria 's president in batna , east of the capital of algiers , the algerie presse service reported . it was n't clear if the bomb was caused by a suicide bomber or if it was planted , the officials said .
later thursday , algeria 's interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni said `` a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon , '' but the person escaped `` immediately after the bomb exploded , '' the press service reported . the explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters -lrb- 65 feet -rrb- from a mosque in batna , a town about 450 kilometers -lrb- 280 miles -rrb- east of algiers , security officials in batna told the state-run news agency .
later thursday , algeria 's interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni said `` a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon , '' but the person escaped `` immediately after the bomb exploded , '' the press service reported . bouteflika made his visit to batna as planned , adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital .
later thursday , algeria 's interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni said `` a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon , '' but the person escaped `` immediately after the bomb exploded , '' the press service reported . it was n't clear if the bomb was caused by a suicide bomber or if it was planted , the officials said .
the explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters -lrb- 65 feet -rrb- from a mosque in batna , a town about 450 kilometers -lrb- 280 miles -rrb- east of algiers , security officials in batna told the state-run news agency . bouteflika made his visit to batna as planned , adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital .
the explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters -lrb- 65 feet -rrb- from a mosque in batna , a town about 450 kilometers -lrb- 280 miles -rrb- east of algiers , security officials in batna told the state-run news agency . it was n't clear if the bomb was caused by a suicide bomber or if it was planted , the officials said .
bouteflika made his visit to batna as planned , adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital . it was n't clear if the bomb was caused by a suicide bomber or if it was planted , the officials said .
`` the next step is to ascertain whether iapv , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce ccd -lsb- colony collapse disorder -rsb- in healthy bees , '' said ian lipkin , director of the center for infection and immunity at columbia university mailman school of public health . `` this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , '' said jeffery s. pettis of the u.s. department of agriculture 's bee research laboratory and a co-author of the study .
`` the next step is to ascertain whether iapv , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce ccd -lsb- colony collapse disorder -rsb- in healthy bees , '' said ian lipkin , director of the center for infection and immunity at columbia university mailman school of public health . colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some u.s. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds .
`` the next step is to ascertain whether iapv , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce ccd -lsb- colony collapse disorder -rsb- in healthy bees , '' said ian lipkin , director of the center for infection and immunity at columbia university mailman school of public health . bee ecology expert and university of florida professor jamie ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors .
`` the next step is to ascertain whether iapv , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce ccd -lsb- colony collapse disorder -rsb- in healthy bees , '' said ian lipkin , director of the center for infection and immunity at columbia university mailman school of public health . `` one nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , '' said delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite .
`` this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , '' said jeffery s. pettis of the u.s. department of agriculture 's bee research laboratory and a co-author of the study . colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some u.s. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds .
`` this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , '' said jeffery s. pettis of the u.s. department of agriculture 's bee research laboratory and a co-author of the study . bee ecology expert and university of florida professor jamie ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors .
`` this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , '' said jeffery s. pettis of the u.s. department of agriculture 's bee research laboratory and a co-author of the study . `` one nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , '' said delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite .
colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some u.s. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds . bee ecology expert and university of florida professor jamie ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors .
colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some u.s. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds . `` one nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , '' said delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite .
bee ecology expert and university of florida professor jamie ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors . `` one nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , '' said delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday . a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday . the procedure will be supervised by dr. richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday . watch snow talk about bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer '' `` the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , '' snow said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday . bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 21/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said .
a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic . the procedure will be supervised by dr. richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said .
a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic . watch snow talk about bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer '' `` the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , '' snow said .
a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic . bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 21/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said .
the procedure will be supervised by dr. richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said . watch snow talk about bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer '' `` the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , '' snow said .
the procedure will be supervised by dr. richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said . bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 21/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said .
watch snow talk about bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer '' `` the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , '' snow said . bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 21/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said .
london , england -- savers at a leading uk mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the bank of england after heavily slashing profit forecasts . northern rock chief executive adam applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called `` a backdrop in case we need to use it '' , according to pa. .
london , england -- savers at a leading uk mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the bank of england after heavily slashing profit forecasts . customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion -lrb- $ 2 billion -rrb- since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult .
london , england -- savers at a leading uk mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the bank of england after heavily slashing profit forecasts . long lines formed before counters opened at the northern rock building society , one of the uk 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government .
london , england -- savers at a leading uk mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the bank of england after heavily slashing profit forecasts . it said : `` northern rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . ''
northern rock chief executive adam applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called `` a backdrop in case we need to use it '' , according to pa. . customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion -lrb- $ 2 billion -rrb- since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult .
northern rock chief executive adam applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called `` a backdrop in case we need to use it '' , according to pa. . long lines formed before counters opened at the northern rock building society , one of the uk 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government .
northern rock chief executive adam applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called `` a backdrop in case we need to use it '' , according to pa. . it said : `` northern rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . ''
customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion -lrb- $ 2 billion -rrb- since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult . long lines formed before counters opened at the northern rock building society , one of the uk 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government .
customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion -lrb- $ 2 billion -rrb- since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult . it said : `` northern rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . ''
long lines formed before counters opened at the northern rock building society , one of the uk 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government . it said : `` northern rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . ''
this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn 's very own `` becks , '' becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . u departure for the galacticos of madrid -- and now the home depot stadium in l.a. we 'll ask how beckham and his family will adapt to life in los angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement .
this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn 's very own `` becks , '' becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . it 's a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer .
this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn 's very own `` becks , '' becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line .
this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn 's very own `` becks , '' becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . cnn will look back at the life of beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , his marriage to pop star victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for england .
u departure for the galacticos of madrid -- and now the home depot stadium in l.a. we 'll ask how beckham and his family will adapt to life in los angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . it 's a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer .
u departure for the galacticos of madrid -- and now the home depot stadium in l.a. we 'll ask how beckham and his family will adapt to life in los angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line .
u departure for the galacticos of madrid -- and now the home depot stadium in l.a. we 'll ask how beckham and his family will adapt to life in los angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . cnn will look back at the life of beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , his marriage to pop star victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for england .
it 's a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer . he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line .
it 's a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer . cnn will look back at the life of beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , his marriage to pop star victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for england .
he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line . cnn will look back at the life of beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , his marriage to pop star victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for england .
bremen , germany -- carlos alberto , who scored in fc porto 's champions league final victory against monaco in 2004 , has joined bundesliga club werder bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros -lrb- $ 10.7 million -rrb- . early in 2005 , he moved to corinthians , where he impressed as they won the brasileiro , but in 2006 corinthians had a poor season and carlos alberto found himself at odds with manager , emerson leo .
bremen , germany -- carlos alberto , who scored in fc porto 's champions league final victory against monaco in 2004 , has joined bundesliga club werder bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros -lrb- $ 10.7 million -rrb- . bundesliga champions vfb stuttgart said on sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with real zaragoza on monday for ewerthon , the third top brazilian player to join the german league in three days .
bremen , germany -- carlos alberto , who scored in fc porto 's champions league final victory against monaco in 2004 , has joined bundesliga club werder bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros -lrb- $ 10.7 million -rrb- . their poor relationship came to a climax at a copa sul-americana game against club atltico lans , and carlos alberto declared that he would not play for corinthians again while leo remained as manager .
bremen , germany -- carlos alberto , who scored in fc porto 's champions league final victory against monaco in 2004 , has joined bundesliga club werder bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros -lrb- $ 10.7 million -rrb- . a vfb spokesman said ewerthon , who played in the bundesliga for borussia dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in austria on monday .
early in 2005 , he moved to corinthians , where he impressed as they won the brasileiro , but in 2006 corinthians had a poor season and carlos alberto found himself at odds with manager , emerson leo . bundesliga champions vfb stuttgart said on sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with real zaragoza on monday for ewerthon , the third top brazilian player to join the german league in three days .
early in 2005 , he moved to corinthians , where he impressed as they won the brasileiro , but in 2006 corinthians had a poor season and carlos alberto found himself at odds with manager , emerson leo . their poor relationship came to a climax at a copa sul-americana game against club atltico lans , and carlos alberto declared that he would not play for corinthians again while leo remained as manager .
early in 2005 , he moved to corinthians , where he impressed as they won the brasileiro , but in 2006 corinthians had a poor season and carlos alberto found himself at odds with manager , emerson leo . a vfb spokesman said ewerthon , who played in the bundesliga for borussia dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in austria on monday .
bundesliga champions vfb stuttgart said on sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with real zaragoza on monday for ewerthon , the third top brazilian player to join the german league in three days . their poor relationship came to a climax at a copa sul-americana game against club atltico lans , and carlos alberto declared that he would not play for corinthians again while leo remained as manager .
bundesliga champions vfb stuttgart said on sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with real zaragoza on monday for ewerthon , the third top brazilian player to join the german league in three days . a vfb spokesman said ewerthon , who played in the bundesliga for borussia dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in austria on monday .
their poor relationship came to a climax at a copa sul-americana game against club atltico lans , and carlos alberto declared that he would not play for corinthians again while leo remained as manager . a vfb spokesman said ewerthon , who played in the bundesliga for borussia dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in austria on monday .
`` i have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , '' he said , citing the case of robert downey jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . lohan 's arrest this week in los angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in disney films like `` the parent trap , '' is too risky to cast in a film .
`` i have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , '' he said , citing the case of robert downey jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . `` for a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , '' said ross miller , partner with insurance brokerage d.r.
`` i have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , '' he said , citing the case of robert downey jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . timeline : lindsay lohan 's troubles '' it remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in `` poor things , '' a film produced by and starring oscar-winner shirley maclaine .
`` i have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , '' he said , citing the case of robert downey jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . see a gallery of lohan 's films '' a statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by lohan , will proceed with or without her .
lohan 's arrest this week in los angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in disney films like `` the parent trap , '' is too risky to cast in a film . `` for a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , '' said ross miller , partner with insurance brokerage d.r.
lohan 's arrest this week in los angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in disney films like `` the parent trap , '' is too risky to cast in a film . timeline : lindsay lohan 's troubles '' it remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in `` poor things , '' a film produced by and starring oscar-winner shirley maclaine .
lohan 's arrest this week in los angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in disney films like `` the parent trap , '' is too risky to cast in a film . see a gallery of lohan 's films '' a statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by lohan , will proceed with or without her .
`` for a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , '' said ross miller , partner with insurance brokerage d.r. timeline : lindsay lohan 's troubles '' it remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in `` poor things , '' a film produced by and starring oscar-winner shirley maclaine .
`` for a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , '' said ross miller , partner with insurance brokerage d.r. see a gallery of lohan 's films '' a statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by lohan , will proceed with or without her .
timeline : lindsay lohan 's troubles '' it remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in `` poor things , '' a film produced by and starring oscar-winner shirley maclaine . see a gallery of lohan 's films '' a statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by lohan , will proceed with or without her .
the couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point nash literally `` lit a fire , '' while mitchell `` placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . '' after sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , king and goffin landed jobs at the legendary brill building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like `` will you still love me tomorrow '' and `` the loco-motion . ''
the couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point nash literally `` lit a fire , '' while mitchell `` placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . '' further complicating things , beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written `` for therese , '' as in therese malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro .
the couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point nash literally `` lit a fire , '' while mitchell `` placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . '' though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , laurel canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for san francisco society -- not just csn&y , but also jim morrison , the eagles , frank zappa , and more .
the couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point nash literally `` lit a fire , '' while mitchell `` placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . '' sedaka and king actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance sedaka was able to successfully milk with `` oh , carol , '' a then top-10 -lrb- if now somewhat forgettable -rrb- 1959 pop song .
after sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , king and goffin landed jobs at the legendary brill building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like `` will you still love me tomorrow '' and `` the loco-motion . '' further complicating things , beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written `` for therese , '' as in therese malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro .
after sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , king and goffin landed jobs at the legendary brill building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like `` will you still love me tomorrow '' and `` the loco-motion . '' though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , laurel canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for san francisco society -- not just csn&y , but also jim morrison , the eagles , frank zappa , and more .
after sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , king and goffin landed jobs at the legendary brill building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like `` will you still love me tomorrow '' and `` the loco-motion . '' sedaka and king actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance sedaka was able to successfully milk with `` oh , carol , '' a then top-10 -lrb- if now somewhat forgettable -rrb- 1959 pop song .
further complicating things , beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written `` for therese , '' as in therese malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro . though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , laurel canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for san francisco society -- not just csn&y , but also jim morrison , the eagles , frank zappa , and more .
further complicating things , beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written `` for therese , '' as in therese malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro . sedaka and king actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance sedaka was able to successfully milk with `` oh , carol , '' a then top-10 -lrb- if now somewhat forgettable -rrb- 1959 pop song .
though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , laurel canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for san francisco society -- not just csn&y , but also jim morrison , the eagles , frank zappa , and more . sedaka and king actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance sedaka was able to successfully milk with `` oh , carol , '' a then top-10 -lrb- if now somewhat forgettable -rrb- 1959 pop song .
but still life was tough under the dictator , like the time when zainab 's uncle disappeared and was never heard from again after he read a `` religious book , '' she said . the couple said they had heard reports that a young girl was kidnapped and beheaded -- and her killers sewed a dog 's head on the corpse and delivered it to her family 's doorstep .
but still life was tough under the dictator , like the time when zainab 's uncle disappeared and was never heard from again after he read a `` religious book , '' she said . sitting in the parking lot of a target in suburban los angeles , youssif 's father watched as husbands and wives , boyfriends and girlfriends , parents and their children , came and went .
but still life was tough under the dictator , like the time when zainab 's uncle disappeared and was never heard from again after he read a `` religious book , '' she said . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- youssif , the 5-year-old burned iraqi boy , rounded the corner at universal studios when suddenly the little boy hero met his favorite superhero .
but still life was tough under the dictator , like the time when zainab 's uncle disappeared and was never heard from again after he read a `` religious book , '' she said . they also discussed that day nine months ago when masked men grabbed their son outside the family home , doused him in gas and set him on fire .
the couple said they had heard reports that a young girl was kidnapped and beheaded -- and her killers sewed a dog 's head on the corpse and delivered it to her family 's doorstep . sitting in the parking lot of a target in suburban los angeles , youssif 's father watched as husbands and wives , boyfriends and girlfriends , parents and their children , came and went .
the couple said they had heard reports that a young girl was kidnapped and beheaded -- and her killers sewed a dog 's head on the corpse and delivered it to her family 's doorstep . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- youssif , the 5-year-old burned iraqi boy , rounded the corner at universal studios when suddenly the little boy hero met his favorite superhero .
the couple said they had heard reports that a young girl was kidnapped and beheaded -- and her killers sewed a dog 's head on the corpse and delivered it to her family 's doorstep . they also discussed that day nine months ago when masked men grabbed their son outside the family home , doused him in gas and set him on fire .
sitting in the parking lot of a target in suburban los angeles , youssif 's father watched as husbands and wives , boyfriends and girlfriends , parents and their children , came and went . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- youssif , the 5-year-old burned iraqi boy , rounded the corner at universal studios when suddenly the little boy hero met his favorite superhero .
sitting in the parking lot of a target in suburban los angeles , youssif 's father watched as husbands and wives , boyfriends and girlfriends , parents and their children , came and went . they also discussed that day nine months ago when masked men grabbed their son outside the family home , doused him in gas and set him on fire .
los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- youssif , the 5-year-old burned iraqi boy , rounded the corner at universal studios when suddenly the little boy hero met his favorite superhero . they also discussed that day nine months ago when masked men grabbed their son outside the family home , doused him in gas and set him on fire .
watch simpson transferred sunday in handcuffs '' the alleged victims were identified as bruce fromong , a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as `` a home invasion-type robbery , '' and alfred beardsley , who has been quoted by celebrity web site tmz.com as saying that simpson later apologized to him and told him he regretted the incident . acting on a tip , police met over the weekend at mccarran international airport with 46-year-old walter alexander , of mesa , arizona , who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster 's information , capt.
watch simpson transferred sunday in handcuffs '' the alleged victims were identified as bruce fromong , a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as `` a home invasion-type robbery , '' and alfred beardsley , who has been quoted by celebrity web site tmz.com as saying that simpson later apologized to him and told him he regretted the incident . the latest charges against simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the june 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and ron goldman .
watch simpson transferred sunday in handcuffs '' the alleged victims were identified as bruce fromong , a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as `` a home invasion-type robbery , '' and alfred beardsley , who has been quoted by celebrity web site tmz.com as saying that simpson later apologized to him and told him he regretted the incident . simpson recently wrote a book originally titled `` if i did it '' and had planned to publish it himself , but a public outcry led to the cancellation of his book deal .
watch simpson transferred sunday in handcuffs '' the alleged victims were identified as bruce fromong , a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as `` a home invasion-type robbery , '' and alfred beardsley , who has been quoted by celebrity web site tmz.com as saying that simpson later apologized to him and told him he regretted the incident . `` that came as a result of some language that was used when the individuals burst into the room that led our victims to believe that they may have been police . ''
acting on a tip , police met over the weekend at mccarran international airport with 46-year-old walter alexander , of mesa , arizona , who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster 's information , capt. the latest charges against simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the june 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and ron goldman .
acting on a tip , police met over the weekend at mccarran international airport with 46-year-old walter alexander , of mesa , arizona , who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster 's information , capt. simpson recently wrote a book originally titled `` if i did it '' and had planned to publish it himself , but a public outcry led to the cancellation of his book deal .
acting on a tip , police met over the weekend at mccarran international airport with 46-year-old walter alexander , of mesa , arizona , who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster 's information , capt. `` that came as a result of some language that was used when the individuals burst into the room that led our victims to believe that they may have been police . ''
the latest charges against simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the june 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and ron goldman . simpson recently wrote a book originally titled `` if i did it '' and had planned to publish it himself , but a public outcry led to the cancellation of his book deal .
the latest charges against simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the june 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and ron goldman . `` that came as a result of some language that was used when the individuals burst into the room that led our victims to believe that they may have been police . ''
simpson recently wrote a book originally titled `` if i did it '' and had planned to publish it himself , but a public outcry led to the cancellation of his book deal . `` that came as a result of some language that was used when the individuals burst into the room that led our victims to believe that they may have been police . ''
trent d. thomas was found guilty wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the april 2006 death in hamdaniya , iraq . he told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized `` that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , '' defense attorney victor kelley said .
trent d. thomas was found guilty wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the april 2006 death in hamdaniya , iraq . lawrence g. hutchins iii , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush american troops .
trent d. thomas was found guilty wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the april 2006 death in hamdaniya , iraq . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a marine convicted for his role in the death of an iraqi civilian was sentenced friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged .
trent d. thomas was found guilty wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the april 2006 death in hamdaniya , iraq . thomas said in january , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was `` truly sorry '' for his role in the killing .
he told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized `` that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , '' defense attorney victor kelley said . lawrence g. hutchins iii , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush american troops .
he told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized `` that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , '' defense attorney victor kelley said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a marine convicted for his role in the death of an iraqi civilian was sentenced friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged .
he told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized `` that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , '' defense attorney victor kelley said . thomas said in january , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was `` truly sorry '' for his role in the killing .
lawrence g. hutchins iii , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush american troops . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a marine convicted for his role in the death of an iraqi civilian was sentenced friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged .
lawrence g. hutchins iii , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush american troops . thomas said in january , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was `` truly sorry '' for his role in the killing .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a marine convicted for his role in the death of an iraqi civilian was sentenced friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged . thomas said in january , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was `` truly sorry '' for his role in the killing .
in doing so , they ignored a request by italy coach roberto donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month , to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of euro 2008 qualifiers against france and ukraine in early september . the row began last month , when the italian football league , which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country 's top two divisions , voted to start the season on august 26 .
in doing so , they ignored a request by italy coach roberto donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month , to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of euro 2008 qualifiers against france and ukraine in early september . we wanted to start on august 19 , to have an extra week 's rest at christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in september better prepared .
in doing so , they ignored a request by italy coach roberto donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month , to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of euro 2008 qualifiers against france and ukraine in early september . italy -- italy and roma striker francesco totti has threatened to quit the italian players association , in a row over the starting date of the next serie a season .
in doing so , they ignored a request by italy coach roberto donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month , to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of euro 2008 qualifiers against france and ukraine in early september . we are the principal actors , but also the people who are never listened to , '' totti was quoted as saying in italian football magazine dieci .
the row began last month , when the italian football league , which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country 's top two divisions , voted to start the season on august 26 . we wanted to start on august 19 , to have an extra week 's rest at christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in september better prepared .
the row began last month , when the italian football league , which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country 's top two divisions , voted to start the season on august 26 . italy -- italy and roma striker francesco totti has threatened to quit the italian players association , in a row over the starting date of the next serie a season .
the row began last month , when the italian football league , which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country 's top two divisions , voted to start the season on august 26 . we are the principal actors , but also the people who are never listened to , '' totti was quoted as saying in italian football magazine dieci .
we wanted to start on august 19 , to have an extra week 's rest at christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in september better prepared . italy -- italy and roma striker francesco totti has threatened to quit the italian players association , in a row over the starting date of the next serie a season .
we wanted to start on august 19 , to have an extra week 's rest at christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in september better prepared . we are the principal actors , but also the people who are never listened to , '' totti was quoted as saying in italian football magazine dieci .
italy -- italy and roma striker francesco totti has threatened to quit the italian players association , in a row over the starting date of the next serie a season . we are the principal actors , but also the people who are never listened to , '' totti was quoted as saying in italian football magazine dieci .
`` while none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , '' kenneth wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the justice department statement . the indictment states that oakley , `` having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the united states and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . ''
`` while none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , '' kenneth wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the justice department statement . east tennessee technology park is an area of the doe 's oak ridge reservation `` where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , '' gerald boyd , manager of the doe 's oak ridge site office , said thursday .
`` while none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , '' kenneth wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the justice department statement . boyd said the technology park and the reservation `` are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . ''
`` while none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , '' kenneth wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the justice department statement . the government alleges that in january , oakley attempted to sell the `` pieces of scrap '' to someone he thought was a french agent -- but in reality was an undercover fbi agent , moncier said .
the indictment states that oakley , `` having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the united states and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . '' east tennessee technology park is an area of the doe 's oak ridge reservation `` where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , '' gerald boyd , manager of the doe 's oak ridge site office , said thursday .
the indictment states that oakley , `` having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the united states and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . '' boyd said the technology park and the reservation `` are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . ''
the indictment states that oakley , `` having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the united states and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . '' the government alleges that in january , oakley attempted to sell the `` pieces of scrap '' to someone he thought was a french agent -- but in reality was an undercover fbi agent , moncier said .
east tennessee technology park is an area of the doe 's oak ridge reservation `` where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , '' gerald boyd , manager of the doe 's oak ridge site office , said thursday . boyd said the technology park and the reservation `` are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . ''
east tennessee technology park is an area of the doe 's oak ridge reservation `` where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , '' gerald boyd , manager of the doe 's oak ridge site office , said thursday . the government alleges that in january , oakley attempted to sell the `` pieces of scrap '' to someone he thought was a french agent -- but in reality was an undercover fbi agent , moncier said .
boyd said the technology park and the reservation `` are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . '' the government alleges that in january , oakley attempted to sell the `` pieces of scrap '' to someone he thought was a french agent -- but in reality was an undercover fbi agent , moncier said .
anthony ogadje , 25 , and nine other contestants had gone to shere hills lake in nigeria 's hilly plateau state to prepare for the `` gulder ultimate search , '' which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants . lagos , nigeria -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- nigeria 's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program , said dutch brewer heineken 's local unit which is sponsoring the show .
anthony ogadje , 25 , and nine other contestants had gone to shere hills lake in nigeria 's hilly plateau state to prepare for the `` gulder ultimate search , '' which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants . `` all attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards , including his fellow contestants , failed , '' said nigerian breweries , which is majority-owned by the dutch giant .
anthony ogadje , 25 , and nine other contestants had gone to shere hills lake in nigeria 's hilly plateau state to prepare for the `` gulder ultimate search , '' which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants . the winner was to get 5 million naira -lrb- about $ 39,000 -rrb- in cash , a four-wheel drive jeep and another 500,000 naira -lrb- about $ 3,900 -rrb- to buy clothes .
anthony ogadje , 25 , and nine other contestants had gone to shere hills lake in nigeria 's hilly plateau state to prepare for the `` gulder ultimate search , '' which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants . the prize money is a big attraction in a country where most people live in extreme poverty and benefit little from nigeria 's oil wealth .
lagos , nigeria -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- nigeria 's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program , said dutch brewer heineken 's local unit which is sponsoring the show . `` all attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards , including his fellow contestants , failed , '' said nigerian breweries , which is majority-owned by the dutch giant .
lagos , nigeria -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- nigeria 's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program , said dutch brewer heineken 's local unit which is sponsoring the show . the winner was to get 5 million naira -lrb- about $ 39,000 -rrb- in cash , a four-wheel drive jeep and another 500,000 naira -lrb- about $ 3,900 -rrb- to buy clothes .
lagos , nigeria -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- nigeria 's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program , said dutch brewer heineken 's local unit which is sponsoring the show . the prize money is a big attraction in a country where most people live in extreme poverty and benefit little from nigeria 's oil wealth .
`` all attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards , including his fellow contestants , failed , '' said nigerian breweries , which is majority-owned by the dutch giant . the winner was to get 5 million naira -lrb- about $ 39,000 -rrb- in cash , a four-wheel drive jeep and another 500,000 naira -lrb- about $ 3,900 -rrb- to buy clothes .
`` all attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards , including his fellow contestants , failed , '' said nigerian breweries , which is majority-owned by the dutch giant . the prize money is a big attraction in a country where most people live in extreme poverty and benefit little from nigeria 's oil wealth .
the winner was to get 5 million naira -lrb- about $ 39,000 -rrb- in cash , a four-wheel drive jeep and another 500,000 naira -lrb- about $ 3,900 -rrb- to buy clothes . the prize money is a big attraction in a country where most people live in extreme poverty and benefit little from nigeria 's oil wealth .
hakan , a 27-year-old security guard in istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published , told reuters he received five or six offers from turkey and germany , offering 10,000-15 ,000 lira -lrb- $ 11,600 -rrb- , but he 's holding out for 40,000 lira . hong kong , china -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- paul lee got his liver from an executed chinese prisoner ; karam in egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $ 5,300 ; in istanbul hakan is holding out for $ 30,700 for one of his kidneys .
hakan , a 27-year-old security guard in istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published , told reuters he received five or six offers from turkey and germany , offering 10,000-15 ,000 lira -lrb- $ 11,600 -rrb- , but he 's holding out for 40,000 lira . demand for kidneys also exceeds supply , and that has given rise to organ trafficking and a black market for rich people and `` transplant tourists '' who travel to poor countries to buy body parts from people with few other routes to a better living .
hakan , a 27-year-old security guard in istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published , told reuters he received five or six offers from turkey and germany , offering 10,000-15 ,000 lira -lrb- $ 11,600 -rrb- , but he 's holding out for 40,000 lira . they are not so unusual : a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like china , pakistan , turkey , egypt , colombia and the philippines to buy a new lease of life .
hakan , a 27-year-old security guard in istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published , told reuters he received five or six offers from turkey and germany , offering 10,000-15 ,000 lira -lrb- $ 11,600 -rrb- , but he 's holding out for 40,000 lira . there are no confirmed figures for the number of foreigners coming to the country for new kidneys but naqvi said there were 13 centers in lahore alone which reported more than 2,000 transplants last year from bought kidneys .
hong kong , china -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- paul lee got his liver from an executed chinese prisoner ; karam in egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $ 5,300 ; in istanbul hakan is holding out for $ 30,700 for one of his kidneys . demand for kidneys also exceeds supply , and that has given rise to organ trafficking and a black market for rich people and `` transplant tourists '' who travel to poor countries to buy body parts from people with few other routes to a better living .
hong kong , china -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- paul lee got his liver from an executed chinese prisoner ; karam in egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $ 5,300 ; in istanbul hakan is holding out for $ 30,700 for one of his kidneys . they are not so unusual : a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like china , pakistan , turkey , egypt , colombia and the philippines to buy a new lease of life .
hong kong , china -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- paul lee got his liver from an executed chinese prisoner ; karam in egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $ 5,300 ; in istanbul hakan is holding out for $ 30,700 for one of his kidneys . there are no confirmed figures for the number of foreigners coming to the country for new kidneys but naqvi said there were 13 centers in lahore alone which reported more than 2,000 transplants last year from bought kidneys .
demand for kidneys also exceeds supply , and that has given rise to organ trafficking and a black market for rich people and `` transplant tourists '' who travel to poor countries to buy body parts from people with few other routes to a better living . they are not so unusual : a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like china , pakistan , turkey , egypt , colombia and the philippines to buy a new lease of life .
demand for kidneys also exceeds supply , and that has given rise to organ trafficking and a black market for rich people and `` transplant tourists '' who travel to poor countries to buy body parts from people with few other routes to a better living . there are no confirmed figures for the number of foreigners coming to the country for new kidneys but naqvi said there were 13 centers in lahore alone which reported more than 2,000 transplants last year from bought kidneys .
they are not so unusual : a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like china , pakistan , turkey , egypt , colombia and the philippines to buy a new lease of life . there are no confirmed figures for the number of foreigners coming to the country for new kidneys but naqvi said there were 13 centers in lahore alone which reported more than 2,000 transplants last year from bought kidneys .
the global medical relief fund , a small charity based in new york that helps children of war and natural disasters , has arranged for surgery and treatment at the shriners children hospital in philadelphia , pennsylvania . `` i will never leave school and , god willing , i will continue my education and become an architect and build all the schools , '' he says , standing on his crutches .
the global medical relief fund , a small charity based in new york that helps children of war and natural disasters , has arranged for surgery and treatment at the shriners children hospital in philadelphia , pennsylvania . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- twelve-year-old mohammed rasoul , his right leg severed below the knee , maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the falluja graveyard .
the global medical relief fund , a small charity based in new york that helps children of war and natural disasters , has arranged for surgery and treatment at the shriners children hospital in philadelphia , pennsylvania . cnn first broadcast his story in may where it caught the attention of an american charity , the global medical relief fund , which offered to help .
the global medical relief fund , a small charity based in new york that helps children of war and natural disasters , has arranged for surgery and treatment at the shriners children hospital in philadelphia , pennsylvania . elissa montanti , the founder and director of the organization , says she was inspired to act when she first heard of mohammed 's tragic story .
`` i will never leave school and , god willing , i will continue my education and become an architect and build all the schools , '' he says , standing on his crutches . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- twelve-year-old mohammed rasoul , his right leg severed below the knee , maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the falluja graveyard .
`` i will never leave school and , god willing , i will continue my education and become an architect and build all the schools , '' he says , standing on his crutches . cnn first broadcast his story in may where it caught the attention of an american charity , the global medical relief fund , which offered to help .
`` i will never leave school and , god willing , i will continue my education and become an architect and build all the schools , '' he says , standing on his crutches . elissa montanti , the founder and director of the organization , says she was inspired to act when she first heard of mohammed 's tragic story .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- twelve-year-old mohammed rasoul , his right leg severed below the knee , maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the falluja graveyard . cnn first broadcast his story in may where it caught the attention of an american charity , the global medical relief fund , which offered to help .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- twelve-year-old mohammed rasoul , his right leg severed below the knee , maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the falluja graveyard . elissa montanti , the founder and director of the organization , says she was inspired to act when she first heard of mohammed 's tragic story .
cnn first broadcast his story in may where it caught the attention of an american charity , the global medical relief fund , which offered to help . elissa montanti , the founder and director of the organization , says she was inspired to act when she first heard of mohammed 's tragic story .
phuket , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- relatives of the 89 people killed in sunday 's plane crash in phuket continued to arrive in the thai resort town on tuesday to try to identify their loved ones ' remains . watch a survivor recall the fiery horror '' one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother .
phuket , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- relatives of the 89 people killed in sunday 's plane crash in phuket continued to arrive in the thai resort town on tuesday to try to identify their loved ones ' remains . airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour -lrb- 11 miles an hour -rrb- with stronger gusts , but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions .
phuket , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- relatives of the 89 people killed in sunday 's plane crash in phuket continued to arrive in the thai resort town on tuesday to try to identify their loved ones ' remains . most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand 's state-run thai news agency -lrb- tna -rrb- .
phuket , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- relatives of the 89 people killed in sunday 's plane crash in phuket continued to arrive in the thai resort town on tuesday to try to identify their loved ones ' remains . thailand 's public health minister mongkol na songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized , 38 were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to tna .
watch a survivor recall the fiery horror '' one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother . airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour -lrb- 11 miles an hour -rrb- with stronger gusts , but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions .
watch a survivor recall the fiery horror '' one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother . most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand 's state-run thai news agency -lrb- tna -rrb- .
watch a survivor recall the fiery horror '' one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother . thailand 's public health minister mongkol na songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized , 38 were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to tna .
airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour -lrb- 11 miles an hour -rrb- with stronger gusts , but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions . most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand 's state-run thai news agency -lrb- tna -rrb- .
airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour -lrb- 11 miles an hour -rrb- with stronger gusts , but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions . thailand 's public health minister mongkol na songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized , 38 were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to tna .
most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand 's state-run thai news agency -lrb- tna -rrb- . thailand 's public health minister mongkol na songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized , 38 were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to tna .
we tend to be suspicious of public figures who wrap themselves in divinity and claim that their will is god 's will , but if no-one can articulate in an un-ignorable way in the public realm the creative energy of the love that we see in christ , the human face of god , then we shall find ourselves inhabiting a maimed and diminished society . `` i pray that you being rooted and established in love may have power with all the saints to grasp what is the breadth and length and depth and height of the love of christ and to know this love which surpasses knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of god . ''
we tend to be suspicious of public figures who wrap themselves in divinity and claim that their will is god 's will , but if no-one can articulate in an un-ignorable way in the public realm the creative energy of the love that we see in christ , the human face of god , then we shall find ourselves inhabiting a maimed and diminished society . there is a properly political sphere in which the monarch may counsel but does n't intrude , but there is another sphere , vital to any sense of national unity and creativity , a sphere in which communities must be celebrated , common values articulated and the transcendent source of those values honored .
we tend to be suspicious of public figures who wrap themselves in divinity and claim that their will is god 's will , but if no-one can articulate in an un-ignorable way in the public realm the creative energy of the love that we see in christ , the human face of god , then we shall find ourselves inhabiting a maimed and diminished society . she said of john , a young greek suffering from cystic fibrosis : `` he showed no sign of anger , no trace of bitterness but touched us all with an aura of optimism and hope for the future such that i have never before encountered . ''
we tend to be suspicious of public figures who wrap themselves in divinity and claim that their will is god 's will , but if no-one can articulate in an un-ignorable way in the public realm the creative energy of the love that we see in christ , the human face of god , then we shall find ourselves inhabiting a maimed and diminished society . let us also , echoing the words of prince harry , look to the future and pray , in the words of st paul , for all those who serve our country as members of the royal family and most especially for the sons who were so precious to her : .
`` i pray that you being rooted and established in love may have power with all the saints to grasp what is the breadth and length and depth and height of the love of christ and to know this love which surpasses knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of god . '' there is a properly political sphere in which the monarch may counsel but does n't intrude , but there is another sphere , vital to any sense of national unity and creativity , a sphere in which communities must be celebrated , common values articulated and the transcendent source of those values honored .
`` i pray that you being rooted and established in love may have power with all the saints to grasp what is the breadth and length and depth and height of the love of christ and to know this love which surpasses knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of god . '' she said of john , a young greek suffering from cystic fibrosis : `` he showed no sign of anger , no trace of bitterness but touched us all with an aura of optimism and hope for the future such that i have never before encountered . ''
`` i pray that you being rooted and established in love may have power with all the saints to grasp what is the breadth and length and depth and height of the love of christ and to know this love which surpasses knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of god . '' let us also , echoing the words of prince harry , look to the future and pray , in the words of st paul , for all those who serve our country as members of the royal family and most especially for the sons who were so precious to her : .
there is a properly political sphere in which the monarch may counsel but does n't intrude , but there is another sphere , vital to any sense of national unity and creativity , a sphere in which communities must be celebrated , common values articulated and the transcendent source of those values honored . she said of john , a young greek suffering from cystic fibrosis : `` he showed no sign of anger , no trace of bitterness but touched us all with an aura of optimism and hope for the future such that i have never before encountered . ''
there is a properly political sphere in which the monarch may counsel but does n't intrude , but there is another sphere , vital to any sense of national unity and creativity , a sphere in which communities must be celebrated , common values articulated and the transcendent source of those values honored . let us also , echoing the words of prince harry , look to the future and pray , in the words of st paul , for all those who serve our country as members of the royal family and most especially for the sons who were so precious to her : .
she said of john , a young greek suffering from cystic fibrosis : `` he showed no sign of anger , no trace of bitterness but touched us all with an aura of optimism and hope for the future such that i have never before encountered . '' let us also , echoing the words of prince harry , look to the future and pray , in the words of st paul , for all those who serve our country as members of the royal family and most especially for the sons who were so precious to her : .
watch a report on blackwater 's response to the allegations '' the first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from state department inspector general howard krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in afghanistan and iraq . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- allegations that blackwater usa -- whose operations were suspended after 20 iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was `` in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless , '' the company asserted saturday .
watch a report on blackwater 's response to the allegations '' the first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from state department inspector general howard krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in afghanistan and iraq . `` in particular , i made one of my best investigators available to help assistant u.s. attorneys in north carolina in their investigation into alleged smuggling of weapons into iraq by a contractor , '' krongard 's statement said .
watch a report on blackwater 's response to the allegations '' the first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from state department inspector general howard krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in afghanistan and iraq . a u.s. government official has said the u.s. attorney 's office in raleigh , north carolina , is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees , and not the firm .
watch a report on blackwater 's response to the allegations '' the first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from state department inspector general howard krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in afghanistan and iraq . `` when it was uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company , blackwater immediately fired them and invited the atf to conduct a thorough investigation . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- allegations that blackwater usa -- whose operations were suspended after 20 iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was `` in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless , '' the company asserted saturday . `` in particular , i made one of my best investigators available to help assistant u.s. attorneys in north carolina in their investigation into alleged smuggling of weapons into iraq by a contractor , '' krongard 's statement said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- allegations that blackwater usa -- whose operations were suspended after 20 iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was `` in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless , '' the company asserted saturday . a u.s. government official has said the u.s. attorney 's office in raleigh , north carolina , is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees , and not the firm .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- allegations that blackwater usa -- whose operations were suspended after 20 iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was `` in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless , '' the company asserted saturday . `` when it was uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company , blackwater immediately fired them and invited the atf to conduct a thorough investigation . ''
`` in particular , i made one of my best investigators available to help assistant u.s. attorneys in north carolina in their investigation into alleged smuggling of weapons into iraq by a contractor , '' krongard 's statement said . a u.s. government official has said the u.s. attorney 's office in raleigh , north carolina , is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees , and not the firm .
`` in particular , i made one of my best investigators available to help assistant u.s. attorneys in north carolina in their investigation into alleged smuggling of weapons into iraq by a contractor , '' krongard 's statement said . `` when it was uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company , blackwater immediately fired them and invited the atf to conduct a thorough investigation . ''
a u.s. government official has said the u.s. attorney 's office in raleigh , north carolina , is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees , and not the firm . `` when it was uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company , blackwater immediately fired them and invited the atf to conduct a thorough investigation . ''
`` i am sorry we 've taken so much time trying to correct -lsb- gupta 's -rsb- facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue '' -- the ailing health care system , moore said . while patients may not pay for services at the doctor 's office , they do pay high taxes to fund such a system , something gupta said he was concerned that `` sicko '' audiences might not realize .
`` i am sorry we 've taken so much time trying to correct -lsb- gupta 's -rsb- facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue '' -- the ailing health care system , moore said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- filmmaker michael moore , whose new documentary `` sicko '' takes on america 's health care system , faced off tuesday with cnn chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon dr. sanjay gupta .
`` i am sorry we 've taken so much time trying to correct -lsb- gupta 's -rsb- facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue '' -- the ailing health care system , moore said . however , gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as france and canada have universal health care -- suggests that health care in those countries is free .
`` i am sorry we 've taken so much time trying to correct -lsb- gupta 's -rsb- facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue '' -- the ailing health care system , moore said . but he questioned moore 's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the bush administration , which moore fiercely criticized in the past , particularly in his film `` fahrenheit 9/11 . ''
while patients may not pay for services at the doctor 's office , they do pay high taxes to fund such a system , something gupta said he was concerned that `` sicko '' audiences might not realize . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- filmmaker michael moore , whose new documentary `` sicko '' takes on america 's health care system , faced off tuesday with cnn chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon dr. sanjay gupta .
while patients may not pay for services at the doctor 's office , they do pay high taxes to fund such a system , something gupta said he was concerned that `` sicko '' audiences might not realize . however , gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as france and canada have universal health care -- suggests that health care in those countries is free .
while patients may not pay for services at the doctor 's office , they do pay high taxes to fund such a system , something gupta said he was concerned that `` sicko '' audiences might not realize . but he questioned moore 's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the bush administration , which moore fiercely criticized in the past , particularly in his film `` fahrenheit 9/11 . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- filmmaker michael moore , whose new documentary `` sicko '' takes on america 's health care system , faced off tuesday with cnn chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon dr. sanjay gupta . however , gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as france and canada have universal health care -- suggests that health care in those countries is free .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- filmmaker michael moore , whose new documentary `` sicko '' takes on america 's health care system , faced off tuesday with cnn chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon dr. sanjay gupta . but he questioned moore 's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the bush administration , which moore fiercely criticized in the past , particularly in his film `` fahrenheit 9/11 . ''
however , gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as france and canada have universal health care -- suggests that health care in those countries is free . but he questioned moore 's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the bush administration , which moore fiercely criticized in the past , particularly in his film `` fahrenheit 9/11 . ''
mr kouchner , for example , became the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering france 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between sunnis , shiites and kurds . on iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his president who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' .
mr kouchner , for example , became the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering france 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between sunnis , shiites and kurds . perhaps the strongest lesson though from mr kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in france is not a knee-jerk anti-american one -- and that france is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables .
mr kouchner , for example , became the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering france 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between sunnis , shiites and kurds . they were scarcely on the same scale as president chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on france .
mr kouchner , for example , became the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering france 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between sunnis , shiites and kurds . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's declaration that france had to prepare for the possibility of war against iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior .
on iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his president who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' . perhaps the strongest lesson though from mr kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in france is not a knee-jerk anti-american one -- and that france is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables .
on iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his president who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' . they were scarcely on the same scale as president chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on france .
on iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his president who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's declaration that france had to prepare for the possibility of war against iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior .
perhaps the strongest lesson though from mr kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in france is not a knee-jerk anti-american one -- and that france is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables . they were scarcely on the same scale as president chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on france .
perhaps the strongest lesson though from mr kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in france is not a knee-jerk anti-american one -- and that france is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's declaration that france had to prepare for the possibility of war against iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior .
they were scarcely on the same scale as president chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on france . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's declaration that france had to prepare for the possibility of war against iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior .
midfielder michael essien , who scored a last-minute winner for chelsea to knock valencia out of last season 's champions league , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on tuesday and is expected to play . center-back terry suffered a broken cheekbone during saturday 's 0-0 draw with fulham , and chelsea manager avram grant will see how he fares during training on tuesday before making a decision on his availability .
midfielder michael essien , who scored a last-minute winner for chelsea to knock valencia out of last season 's champions league , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on tuesday and is expected to play . london , england -- chelsea are waiting on the fitness of john terry ahead of wednesday 's champions league match with valencia , but frank lampard has been ruled out .
midfielder michael essien , who scored a last-minute winner for chelsea to knock valencia out of last season 's champions league , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on tuesday and is expected to play . grant has confirmed that lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury .
midfielder michael essien , who scored a last-minute winner for chelsea to knock valencia out of last season 's champions league , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on tuesday and is expected to play . now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , '' said grant .
center-back terry suffered a broken cheekbone during saturday 's 0-0 draw with fulham , and chelsea manager avram grant will see how he fares during training on tuesday before making a decision on his availability . london , england -- chelsea are waiting on the fitness of john terry ahead of wednesday 's champions league match with valencia , but frank lampard has been ruled out .
center-back terry suffered a broken cheekbone during saturday 's 0-0 draw with fulham , and chelsea manager avram grant will see how he fares during training on tuesday before making a decision on his availability . grant has confirmed that lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury .
center-back terry suffered a broken cheekbone during saturday 's 0-0 draw with fulham , and chelsea manager avram grant will see how he fares during training on tuesday before making a decision on his availability . now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , '' said grant .
london , england -- chelsea are waiting on the fitness of john terry ahead of wednesday 's champions league match with valencia , but frank lampard has been ruled out . grant has confirmed that lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury .
london , england -- chelsea are waiting on the fitness of john terry ahead of wednesday 's champions league match with valencia , but frank lampard has been ruled out . now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , '' said grant .
grant has confirmed that lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury . now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , '' said grant .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . `` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . `` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
`` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
`` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
watch how romney is way ahead in ad spending '' in contrast , one of romney 's chief rivals for the gop nomination , former new york mayor rudy giuliani , has spent nothing on television ads , but giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys . romney 's latest ad began airing friday in iowa , and in it he vows to stop iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , to boost the military by 100,000 people , to strengthen u.s. intelligence capabilities and to monitor calls into the u.s. from al qaeda .
watch how romney is way ahead in ad spending '' in contrast , one of romney 's chief rivals for the gop nomination , former new york mayor rudy giuliani , has spent nothing on television ads , but giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates , interest groups , unions and corporations to buy tv time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle , an analysis shows .
watch how romney is way ahead in ad spending '' in contrast , one of romney 's chief rivals for the gop nomination , former new york mayor rudy giuliani , has spent nothing on television ads , but giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys . in the race for the democratic nomination , illinois sen. barack obama has spent more than $ 2.3 million on television commercials , while new york sen. hillary clinton has spent $ 1 million less and leads in both national and early state polls .
watch how romney is way ahead in ad spending '' in contrast , one of romney 's chief rivals for the gop nomination , former new york mayor rudy giuliani , has spent nothing on television ads , but giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys . `` what we expect to see between now and the end of the primaries , and through the general election , is groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates , '' he said .
romney 's latest ad began airing friday in iowa , and in it he vows to stop iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , to boost the military by 100,000 people , to strengthen u.s. intelligence capabilities and to monitor calls into the u.s. from al qaeda . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates , interest groups , unions and corporations to buy tv time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle , an analysis shows .
romney 's latest ad began airing friday in iowa , and in it he vows to stop iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , to boost the military by 100,000 people , to strengthen u.s. intelligence capabilities and to monitor calls into the u.s. from al qaeda . in the race for the democratic nomination , illinois sen. barack obama has spent more than $ 2.3 million on television commercials , while new york sen. hillary clinton has spent $ 1 million less and leads in both national and early state polls .
romney 's latest ad began airing friday in iowa , and in it he vows to stop iran from acquiring nuclear weapons , to boost the military by 100,000 people , to strengthen u.s. intelligence capabilities and to monitor calls into the u.s. from al qaeda . `` what we expect to see between now and the end of the primaries , and through the general election , is groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates , '' he said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates , interest groups , unions and corporations to buy tv time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle , an analysis shows . in the race for the democratic nomination , illinois sen. barack obama has spent more than $ 2.3 million on television commercials , while new york sen. hillary clinton has spent $ 1 million less and leads in both national and early state polls .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates , interest groups , unions and corporations to buy tv time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle , an analysis shows . `` what we expect to see between now and the end of the primaries , and through the general election , is groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates , '' he said .
in the race for the democratic nomination , illinois sen. barack obama has spent more than $ 2.3 million on television commercials , while new york sen. hillary clinton has spent $ 1 million less and leads in both national and early state polls . `` what we expect to see between now and the end of the primaries , and through the general election , is groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates , '' he said .
`` this is a very special moment for us women , and men of course , in our country because for the first time we have a woman being elected president of india , '' congress party leader sonia gandhi , india 's most powerful politician , said . new delhi , india -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- india has elected its first female president , official results show , in what supporters are calling a boost for the rights of millions of downtrodden women , despite a bitter campaign marked by scandal .
`` this is a very special moment for us women , and men of course , in our country because for the first time we have a woman being elected president of india , '' congress party leader sonia gandhi , india 's most powerful politician , said . but hope patil 's presidency would spark only positive talk about women 's influence in india evaporated when it emerged the bank for women she helped established was closed in 2003 because of bad debts and amid accusations of financial irregularities .
`` this is a very special moment for us women , and men of course , in our country because for the first time we have a woman being elected president of india , '' congress party leader sonia gandhi , india 's most powerful politician , said . pratibha patil , the ruling coalition 's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post , easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president , bhairon singh shekhawat , in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians .
`` this is a very special moment for us women , and men of course , in our country because for the first time we have a woman being elected president of india , '' congress party leader sonia gandhi , india 's most powerful politician , said . india has had a number of female icons in the past -- most famously sonia gandhi 's mother-in-law , indira , who was one of the world 's first female prime ministers in 1966 .
new delhi , india -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- india has elected its first female president , official results show , in what supporters are calling a boost for the rights of millions of downtrodden women , despite a bitter campaign marked by scandal . but hope patil 's presidency would spark only positive talk about women 's influence in india evaporated when it emerged the bank for women she helped established was closed in 2003 because of bad debts and amid accusations of financial irregularities .
new delhi , india -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- india has elected its first female president , official results show , in what supporters are calling a boost for the rights of millions of downtrodden women , despite a bitter campaign marked by scandal . pratibha patil , the ruling coalition 's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post , easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president , bhairon singh shekhawat , in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians .
new delhi , india -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- india has elected its first female president , official results show , in what supporters are calling a boost for the rights of millions of downtrodden women , despite a bitter campaign marked by scandal . india has had a number of female icons in the past -- most famously sonia gandhi 's mother-in-law , indira , who was one of the world 's first female prime ministers in 1966 .
but hope patil 's presidency would spark only positive talk about women 's influence in india evaporated when it emerged the bank for women she helped established was closed in 2003 because of bad debts and amid accusations of financial irregularities . pratibha patil , the ruling coalition 's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post , easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president , bhairon singh shekhawat , in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians .
but hope patil 's presidency would spark only positive talk about women 's influence in india evaporated when it emerged the bank for women she helped established was closed in 2003 because of bad debts and amid accusations of financial irregularities . india has had a number of female icons in the past -- most famously sonia gandhi 's mother-in-law , indira , who was one of the world 's first female prime ministers in 1966 .
pratibha patil , the ruling coalition 's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post , easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president , bhairon singh shekhawat , in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians . india has had a number of female icons in the past -- most famously sonia gandhi 's mother-in-law , indira , who was one of the world 's first female prime ministers in 1966 .
the reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the united nations ' intergovernmental panel on climate change , commonly referred to as the ipcc .
the reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . the ipcc in february 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 2 to 4.5 degrees celsius -rrb- by 2100 .
the reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . `` for the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , '' stephen schneider , a professor of environmental studies at stanford university in california , said .
the reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life .
the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the united nations ' intergovernmental panel on climate change , commonly referred to as the ipcc . the ipcc in february 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 2 to 4.5 degrees celsius -rrb- by 2100 .
the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the united nations ' intergovernmental panel on climate change , commonly referred to as the ipcc . `` for the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , '' stephen schneider , a professor of environmental studies at stanford university in california , said .
the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the united nations ' intergovernmental panel on climate change , commonly referred to as the ipcc . other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life .
the ipcc in february 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 2 to 4.5 degrees celsius -rrb- by 2100 . `` for the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , '' stephen schneider , a professor of environmental studies at stanford university in california , said .
the ipcc in february 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 2 to 4.5 degrees celsius -rrb- by 2100 . other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life .
`` for the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , '' stephen schneider , a professor of environmental studies at stanford university in california , said . other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life .
`` so far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from chadian villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian-sudanese border , '' the agencies said . on its web site , zoe 's ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in france , who then apply for asylum on their behalf .
`` so far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from chadian villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian-sudanese border , '' the agencies said . but the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , cajal said , based on his conversations with a spanish consular official who came from cameroon to chad and has been able to visit them .
`` so far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from chadian villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian-sudanese border , '' the agencies said . abeche , chad -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- most of the 103 children that a french charity attempted to take to france from chad for adoption are neither sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on thursday .
`` so far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from chadian villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian-sudanese border , '' the agencies said . `` ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , '' the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing .
on its web site , zoe 's ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in france , who then apply for asylum on their behalf . but the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , cajal said , based on his conversations with a spanish consular official who came from cameroon to chad and has been able to visit them .
on its web site , zoe 's ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in france , who then apply for asylum on their behalf . abeche , chad -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- most of the 103 children that a french charity attempted to take to france from chad for adoption are neither sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on thursday .
on its web site , zoe 's ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in france , who then apply for asylum on their behalf . `` ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , '' the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing .
but the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , cajal said , based on his conversations with a spanish consular official who came from cameroon to chad and has been able to visit them . abeche , chad -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- most of the 103 children that a french charity attempted to take to france from chad for adoption are neither sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on thursday .
but the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , cajal said , based on his conversations with a spanish consular official who came from cameroon to chad and has been able to visit them . `` ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , '' the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing .
abeche , chad -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- most of the 103 children that a french charity attempted to take to france from chad for adoption are neither sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on thursday . `` ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , '' the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing .
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 100 homes in an upscale san diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it . nine homes are `` red tagged , '' meaning no one is allowed to enter them , and 27 more are `` yellow tagged , '' which means residents can return for necessities , but can not stay , sanders said .
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 100 homes in an upscale san diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it . see photos of the hole the landslide left in la jolla '' at least 111 homes were evacuated , but sanders said residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early thursday morning .
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 100 homes in an upscale san diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it . holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift , which earlier ruptured a water line , and according to some media reports , began cracking soledad mountain road in july .
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 100 homes in an upscale san diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it . pat abbott , a retired geological sciences professor at san diego state university , told the union-tribune that mount soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature .
nine homes are `` red tagged , '' meaning no one is allowed to enter them , and 27 more are `` yellow tagged , '' which means residents can return for necessities , but can not stay , sanders said . see photos of the hole the landslide left in la jolla '' at least 111 homes were evacuated , but sanders said residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early thursday morning .
nine homes are `` red tagged , '' meaning no one is allowed to enter them , and 27 more are `` yellow tagged , '' which means residents can return for necessities , but can not stay , sanders said . holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift , which earlier ruptured a water line , and according to some media reports , began cracking soledad mountain road in july .
nine homes are `` red tagged , '' meaning no one is allowed to enter them , and 27 more are `` yellow tagged , '' which means residents can return for necessities , but can not stay , sanders said . pat abbott , a retired geological sciences professor at san diego state university , told the union-tribune that mount soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature .
see photos of the hole the landslide left in la jolla '' at least 111 homes were evacuated , but sanders said residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early thursday morning . holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift , which earlier ruptured a water line , and according to some media reports , began cracking soledad mountain road in july .
see photos of the hole the landslide left in la jolla '' at least 111 homes were evacuated , but sanders said residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early thursday morning . pat abbott , a retired geological sciences professor at san diego state university , told the union-tribune that mount soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature .
holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift , which earlier ruptured a water line , and according to some media reports , began cracking soledad mountain road in july . pat abbott , a retired geological sciences professor at san diego state university , told the union-tribune that mount soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature .
`` sometimes you play your best and win easy , but sometimes you do n't play your best and really have to fight hard , '' said vakulenko , who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets . the 31-year-old , who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the canadian tournament for the first time , also had to battle to beat russian second seed vera zvonareva 6-2 6-7 -lrb- 3-7 -rrb- 6-3 in the semifinals .
`` sometimes you play your best and win easy , but sometimes you do n't play your best and really have to fight hard , '' said vakulenko , who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets . `` i was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped , but i play so much differently than julie ditty that it was hard to get anything from it . ''
`` sometimes you play your best and win easy , but sometimes you do n't play your best and really have to fight hard , '' said vakulenko , who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets . the three-time grand slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in bali and then reaching the last four in beijing .
`` sometimes you play your best and win easy , but sometimes you do n't play your best and really have to fight hard , '' said vakulenko , who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets . the 24-year-old , who reached the fourth round of the u.s. open , had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in las vegas and berlin .
the 31-year-old , who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the canadian tournament for the first time , also had to battle to beat russian second seed vera zvonareva 6-2 6-7 -lrb- 3-7 -rrb- 6-3 in the semifinals . `` i was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped , but i play so much differently than julie ditty that it was hard to get anything from it . ''
the 31-year-old , who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the canadian tournament for the first time , also had to battle to beat russian second seed vera zvonareva 6-2 6-7 -lrb- 3-7 -rrb- 6-3 in the semifinals . the three-time grand slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in bali and then reaching the last four in beijing .
the 31-year-old , who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the canadian tournament for the first time , also had to battle to beat russian second seed vera zvonareva 6-2 6-7 -lrb- 3-7 -rrb- 6-3 in the semifinals . the 24-year-old , who reached the fourth round of the u.s. open , had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in las vegas and berlin .
`` i was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped , but i play so much differently than julie ditty that it was hard to get anything from it . '' the three-time grand slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in bali and then reaching the last four in beijing .
`` i was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped , but i play so much differently than julie ditty that it was hard to get anything from it . '' the 24-year-old , who reached the fourth round of the u.s. open , had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in las vegas and berlin .
the three-time grand slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in bali and then reaching the last four in beijing . the 24-year-old , who reached the fourth round of the u.s. open , had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in las vegas and berlin .
watch a former pakistani p.m. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' '' u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice -- who is in turkey for a conference with iraq and neighboring nations -- said the united states does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by musharraf . watch crowds surround bhutto upon her arrival '' bhutto -- who returned to pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her pakistan people 's party to victory in january 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister .
watch a former pakistani p.m. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' '' u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice -- who is in turkey for a conference with iraq and neighboring nations -- said the united states does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by musharraf . the government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said talat hussain , director of news and current affairs for aaj .
watch a former pakistani p.m. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' '' u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice -- who is in turkey for a conference with iraq and neighboring nations -- said the united states does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by musharraf . islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- hours after declaring a state of emergency saturday , pakistani president pervez musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest .
watch a former pakistani p.m. call the developments in his country ` disturbing ' '' u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice -- who is in turkey for a conference with iraq and neighboring nations -- said the united states does n't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by musharraf . former prime minister benazir bhutto -- who arrived in karachi saturday from dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a `` wave of disappointment '' at musharraf 's actions .
watch crowds surround bhutto upon her arrival '' bhutto -- who returned to pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her pakistan people 's party to victory in january 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister . the government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said talat hussain , director of news and current affairs for aaj .
watch crowds surround bhutto upon her arrival '' bhutto -- who returned to pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her pakistan people 's party to victory in january 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister . islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- hours after declaring a state of emergency saturday , pakistani president pervez musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest .
watch crowds surround bhutto upon her arrival '' bhutto -- who returned to pakistan last month after several years in exile -- wants to lift her pakistan people 's party to victory in january 's parliamentary election in the hope she can have a third term as prime minister . former prime minister benazir bhutto -- who arrived in karachi saturday from dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a `` wave of disappointment '' at musharraf 's actions .
the government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said talat hussain , director of news and current affairs for aaj . islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- hours after declaring a state of emergency saturday , pakistani president pervez musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest .
the government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $ 70,000 , said talat hussain , director of news and current affairs for aaj . former prime minister benazir bhutto -- who arrived in karachi saturday from dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a `` wave of disappointment '' at musharraf 's actions .
islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- hours after declaring a state of emergency saturday , pakistani president pervez musharraf ordered troops to take a television station 's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest . former prime minister benazir bhutto -- who arrived in karachi saturday from dubai , where she had gone to visit her family -- described a `` wave of disappointment '' at musharraf 's actions .
the chat room attracts people who `` are known to trade in pornographic images , including child pornography , '' according to an affidavit filed in the case by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . `` on five separate occasions in august 2007 , singer sent several images of child pornography over the internet to the mother and the daughter , including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation , '' prosecutors said .
the chat room attracts people who `` are known to trade in pornographic images , including child pornography , '' according to an affidavit filed in the case by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . some of the pornographic images were sent from singer 's computer at the museum , according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigrations and customs enforcement .
the chat room attracts people who `` are known to trade in pornographic images , including child pornography , '' according to an affidavit filed in the case by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . robert a. singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother , according to a statement issued by u.s. attorney michael garcia of the southern district of new york .
the chat room attracts people who `` are known to trade in pornographic images , including child pornography , '' according to an affidavit filed in the case by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . he is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the national children 's museum , but a spokeswoman who asked not to be identified said he was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months .
`` on five separate occasions in august 2007 , singer sent several images of child pornography over the internet to the mother and the daughter , including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation , '' prosecutors said . some of the pornographic images were sent from singer 's computer at the museum , according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigrations and customs enforcement .
`` on five separate occasions in august 2007 , singer sent several images of child pornography over the internet to the mother and the daughter , including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation , '' prosecutors said . robert a. singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother , according to a statement issued by u.s. attorney michael garcia of the southern district of new york .
`` on five separate occasions in august 2007 , singer sent several images of child pornography over the internet to the mother and the daughter , including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation , '' prosecutors said . he is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the national children 's museum , but a spokeswoman who asked not to be identified said he was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months .
some of the pornographic images were sent from singer 's computer at the museum , according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigrations and customs enforcement . robert a. singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother , according to a statement issued by u.s. attorney michael garcia of the southern district of new york .
some of the pornographic images were sent from singer 's computer at the museum , according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for u.s. immigrations and customs enforcement . he is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the national children 's museum , but a spokeswoman who asked not to be identified said he was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months .
robert a. singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother , according to a statement issued by u.s. attorney michael garcia of the southern district of new york . he is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the national children 's museum , but a spokeswoman who asked not to be identified said he was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months .
see photos of a atlanta 's shrinking lake lanier reservoir '' volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or orme 's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near bridgeport , alabama , 2 1/2 miles down the road . `` all of these people that are on the river systems better take note , because once your streams and tributaries to the river start drying up , the river is n't far behind , '' reames said .
see photos of a atlanta 's shrinking lake lanier reservoir '' volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or orme 's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near bridgeport , alabama , 2 1/2 miles down the road . in addition , an austin , texas , company called h2o guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators , shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in orme on november 17 , company spokesman robert easter said .
see photos of a atlanta 's shrinking lake lanier reservoir '' volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or orme 's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near bridgeport , alabama , 2 1/2 miles down the road . this year it dried up early , on august 1 , and has n't revived , leaving the town 's 145 residents high and dry and relying on water trucked in from the next state .
see photos of a atlanta 's shrinking lake lanier reservoir '' volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or orme 's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near bridgeport , alabama , 2 1/2 miles down the road . just 150 miles to the southeast , the 4.5 million people who live in and around atlanta , georgia , are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir .
`` all of these people that are on the river systems better take note , because once your streams and tributaries to the river start drying up , the river is n't far behind , '' reames said . in addition , an austin , texas , company called h2o guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators , shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in orme on november 17 , company spokesman robert easter said .
`` all of these people that are on the river systems better take note , because once your streams and tributaries to the river start drying up , the river is n't far behind , '' reames said . this year it dried up early , on august 1 , and has n't revived , leaving the town 's 145 residents high and dry and relying on water trucked in from the next state .
`` all of these people that are on the river systems better take note , because once your streams and tributaries to the river start drying up , the river is n't far behind , '' reames said . just 150 miles to the southeast , the 4.5 million people who live in and around atlanta , georgia , are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir .
in addition , an austin , texas , company called h2o guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators , shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in orme on november 17 , company spokesman robert easter said . this year it dried up early , on august 1 , and has n't revived , leaving the town 's 145 residents high and dry and relying on water trucked in from the next state .
in addition , an austin , texas , company called h2o guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators , shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in orme on november 17 , company spokesman robert easter said . just 150 miles to the southeast , the 4.5 million people who live in and around atlanta , georgia , are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir .
this year it dried up early , on august 1 , and has n't revived , leaving the town 's 145 residents high and dry and relying on water trucked in from the next state . just 150 miles to the southeast , the 4.5 million people who live in and around atlanta , georgia , are nervously watching water levels go down at their major reservoir .
prosecutors added a couple more charges before wednesday 's hearing , bringing the total to 23 felony counts , including a charge of lewdness with a minor , sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography , according to a statement issued by the clark county , nevada , court . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- with his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair , chester arthur stiles made his initial court appearance in las vegas , nevada , on wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl .
prosecutors added a couple more charges before wednesday 's hearing , bringing the total to 23 felony counts , including a charge of lewdness with a minor , sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography , according to a statement issued by the clark county , nevada , court . the girl 's mother said on `` the dr. phil show '' wednesday that she was `` relieved '' about stiles ' arrest , although it would have been `` better if they found him dead . ''
prosecutors added a couple more charges before wednesday 's hearing , bringing the total to 23 felony counts , including a charge of lewdness with a minor , sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography , according to a statement issued by the clark county , nevada , court . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
prosecutors added a couple more charges before wednesday 's hearing , bringing the total to 23 felony counts , including a charge of lewdness with a minor , sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography , according to a statement issued by the clark county , nevada , court . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- with his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair , chester arthur stiles made his initial court appearance in las vegas , nevada , on wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl . the girl 's mother said on `` the dr. phil show '' wednesday that she was `` relieved '' about stiles ' arrest , although it would have been `` better if they found him dead . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- with his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair , chester arthur stiles made his initial court appearance in las vegas , nevada , on wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- with his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair , chester arthur stiles made his initial court appearance in las vegas , nevada , on wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
the girl 's mother said on `` the dr. phil show '' wednesday that she was `` relieved '' about stiles ' arrest , although it would have been `` better if they found him dead . '' thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
the girl 's mother said on `` the dr. phil show '' wednesday that she was `` relieved '' about stiles ' arrest , although it would have been `` better if they found him dead . '' `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
schumer said that in a meeting friday the nominee said that congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president `` would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore '' it . the nomination had been considered at risk after a number of democratic senators opposed mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance .
schumer said that in a meeting friday the nominee said that congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president `` would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore '' it . mukasey , a former federal judge in new york , told senators he considers waterboarding `` repugnant , '' but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which u.s. and international law bans .
schumer said that in a meeting friday the nominee said that congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president `` would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore '' it . `` the department of justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , '' schumer said tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send mukasey 's nomination to the senate floor .
schumer said that in a meeting friday the nominee said that congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president `` would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore '' it . `` some have sought to find comfort in judge mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this congress were to pass one , '' leahy said tuesday .
the nomination had been considered at risk after a number of democratic senators opposed mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . mukasey , a former federal judge in new york , told senators he considers waterboarding `` repugnant , '' but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which u.s. and international law bans .
the nomination had been considered at risk after a number of democratic senators opposed mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . `` the department of justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , '' schumer said tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send mukasey 's nomination to the senate floor .
the nomination had been considered at risk after a number of democratic senators opposed mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . `` some have sought to find comfort in judge mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this congress were to pass one , '' leahy said tuesday .
mukasey , a former federal judge in new york , told senators he considers waterboarding `` repugnant , '' but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which u.s. and international law bans . `` the department of justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , '' schumer said tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send mukasey 's nomination to the senate floor .
mukasey , a former federal judge in new york , told senators he considers waterboarding `` repugnant , '' but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which u.s. and international law bans . `` some have sought to find comfort in judge mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this congress were to pass one , '' leahy said tuesday .
`` the department of justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , '' schumer said tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send mukasey 's nomination to the senate floor . `` some have sought to find comfort in judge mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this congress were to pass one , '' leahy said tuesday .
in a brutal echo of a 1993 battle involving somali militias in which the bodies of u.s. troops were dragged through the streets , crowds thursday shouted `` god is great '' as they pulled the bruised , bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty mogadishu neighborhood . the body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern mogadishu neighborhood of suqa holaha , witnesses reported .
in a brutal echo of a 1993 battle involving somali militias in which the bodies of u.s. troops were dragged through the streets , crowds thursday shouted `` god is great '' as they pulled the bruised , bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty mogadishu neighborhood . the united states accused the icu of harboring suspected al qaeda figures , including three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in tanzania and kenya , and raised no objections to ethiopian presence in somalia .
in a brutal echo of a 1993 battle involving somali militias in which the bodies of u.s. troops were dragged through the streets , crowds thursday shouted `` god is great '' as they pulled the bruised , bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty mogadishu neighborhood . ethiopian troops arrived in somalia in december 2006 to help a weak somali government drive the islamic courts union out of mogadishu and restore a u.n.-backed transitional government after a decade and a half of near-anarchy .
in a brutal echo of a 1993 battle involving somali militias in which the bodies of u.s. troops were dragged through the streets , crowds thursday shouted `` god is great '' as they pulled the bruised , bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty mogadishu neighborhood . mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an enraged crowd dragged the body of an ethiopian soldier through the streets of somalia 's capital thursday after gun battles with islamic insurgents killed 19 people , witnesses reported .
the body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern mogadishu neighborhood of suqa holaha , witnesses reported . the united states accused the icu of harboring suspected al qaeda figures , including three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in tanzania and kenya , and raised no objections to ethiopian presence in somalia .
the body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern mogadishu neighborhood of suqa holaha , witnesses reported . ethiopian troops arrived in somalia in december 2006 to help a weak somali government drive the islamic courts union out of mogadishu and restore a u.n.-backed transitional government after a decade and a half of near-anarchy .
the body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern mogadishu neighborhood of suqa holaha , witnesses reported . mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an enraged crowd dragged the body of an ethiopian soldier through the streets of somalia 's capital thursday after gun battles with islamic insurgents killed 19 people , witnesses reported .
the united states accused the icu of harboring suspected al qaeda figures , including three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in tanzania and kenya , and raised no objections to ethiopian presence in somalia . ethiopian troops arrived in somalia in december 2006 to help a weak somali government drive the islamic courts union out of mogadishu and restore a u.n.-backed transitional government after a decade and a half of near-anarchy .
the united states accused the icu of harboring suspected al qaeda figures , including three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in tanzania and kenya , and raised no objections to ethiopian presence in somalia . mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an enraged crowd dragged the body of an ethiopian soldier through the streets of somalia 's capital thursday after gun battles with islamic insurgents killed 19 people , witnesses reported .
ethiopian troops arrived in somalia in december 2006 to help a weak somali government drive the islamic courts union out of mogadishu and restore a u.n.-backed transitional government after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . mogadishu , somalia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an enraged crowd dragged the body of an ethiopian soldier through the streets of somalia 's capital thursday after gun battles with islamic insurgents killed 19 people , witnesses reported .
drew peterson allowed a limited search on the night his wife was reported missing , but investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house and were given access to only one of the vehicles at that time , dobrich said . in another development , a judge signed an order to exhume the body of drew peterson 's third wife , who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004 , said will county state attorney james glasgow .
drew peterson allowed a limited search on the night his wife was reported missing , but investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house and were given access to only one of the vehicles at that time , dobrich said . `` early on , we looked at this as a missing persons case , but also believed strongly ... it was strongly starting to look at drew peterson as being a person of interest , '' dobrich said .
drew peterson allowed a limited search on the night his wife was reported missing , but investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house and were given access to only one of the vehicles at that time , dobrich said . bolingbrook , illinois -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the disappearance of a suburban chicago police sergeant 's wife is now being treated as a potential homicide , and her husband is a suspect , authorities said friday .
drew peterson allowed a limited search on the night his wife was reported missing , but investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house and were given access to only one of the vehicles at that time , dobrich said . `` our main thrust is to determine whether or not it was a homicide , and as we do that , we will see if there is any evidence that implicates anyone , '' he said .
in another development , a judge signed an order to exhume the body of drew peterson 's third wife , who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004 , said will county state attorney james glasgow . `` early on , we looked at this as a missing persons case , but also believed strongly ... it was strongly starting to look at drew peterson as being a person of interest , '' dobrich said .
in another development , a judge signed an order to exhume the body of drew peterson 's third wife , who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004 , said will county state attorney james glasgow . bolingbrook , illinois -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the disappearance of a suburban chicago police sergeant 's wife is now being treated as a potential homicide , and her husband is a suspect , authorities said friday .
in another development , a judge signed an order to exhume the body of drew peterson 's third wife , who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004 , said will county state attorney james glasgow . `` our main thrust is to determine whether or not it was a homicide , and as we do that , we will see if there is any evidence that implicates anyone , '' he said .
`` early on , we looked at this as a missing persons case , but also believed strongly ... it was strongly starting to look at drew peterson as being a person of interest , '' dobrich said . bolingbrook , illinois -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the disappearance of a suburban chicago police sergeant 's wife is now being treated as a potential homicide , and her husband is a suspect , authorities said friday .
`` early on , we looked at this as a missing persons case , but also believed strongly ... it was strongly starting to look at drew peterson as being a person of interest , '' dobrich said . `` our main thrust is to determine whether or not it was a homicide , and as we do that , we will see if there is any evidence that implicates anyone , '' he said .
bolingbrook , illinois -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the disappearance of a suburban chicago police sergeant 's wife is now being treated as a potential homicide , and her husband is a suspect , authorities said friday . `` our main thrust is to determine whether or not it was a homicide , and as we do that , we will see if there is any evidence that implicates anyone , '' he said .
scientists have found the highly popular holiday toy contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic `` date rape '' drug ghb -lrb- gamma-hydroxy butyrate -rrb- , scott wolfson , a spokesman with the u.s. consumer product safety commission -lrb- cpsc -rrb- , told cnn . `` i was so frightened because i thought she was n't going to make it , '' heather lehane told cnn affiliate network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , charlotte , who was hospitalized in australia after ingesting some of the beads .
scientists have found the highly popular holiday toy contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic `` date rape '' drug ghb -lrb- gamma-hydroxy butyrate -rrb- , scott wolfson , a spokesman with the u.s. consumer product safety commission -lrb- cpsc -rrb- , told cnn . in the united states , the washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads , which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older .
scientists have found the highly popular holiday toy contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic `` date rape '' drug ghb -lrb- gamma-hydroxy butyrate -rrb- , scott wolfson , a spokesman with the u.s. consumer product safety commission -lrb- cpsc -rrb- , told cnn . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- china has suspended exports of the aqua dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful `` date rape '' drug , the state-run xinhua news agency reported saturday .
scientists have found the highly popular holiday toy contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic `` date rape '' drug ghb -lrb- gamma-hydroxy butyrate -rrb- , scott wolfson , a spokesman with the u.s. consumer product safety commission -lrb- cpsc -rrb- , told cnn . the agency said that the general administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine -lrb- aqsiq -rrb- has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies and will release results as soon as they are available .
`` i was so frightened because i thought she was n't going to make it , '' heather lehane told cnn affiliate network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , charlotte , who was hospitalized in australia after ingesting some of the beads . in the united states , the washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads , which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older .
`` i was so frightened because i thought she was n't going to make it , '' heather lehane told cnn affiliate network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , charlotte , who was hospitalized in australia after ingesting some of the beads . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- china has suspended exports of the aqua dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful `` date rape '' drug , the state-run xinhua news agency reported saturday .
`` i was so frightened because i thought she was n't going to make it , '' heather lehane told cnn affiliate network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , charlotte , who was hospitalized in australia after ingesting some of the beads . the agency said that the general administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine -lrb- aqsiq -rrb- has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies and will release results as soon as they are available .
in the united states , the washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads , which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- china has suspended exports of the aqua dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful `` date rape '' drug , the state-run xinhua news agency reported saturday .
in the united states , the washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads , which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older . the agency said that the general administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine -lrb- aqsiq -rrb- has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies and will release results as soon as they are available .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- china has suspended exports of the aqua dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful `` date rape '' drug , the state-run xinhua news agency reported saturday . the agency said that the general administration of quality supervision , inspection , and quarantine -lrb- aqsiq -rrb- has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies and will release results as soon as they are available .
new zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman shane bond , bowled by a steyn yorker , before makhaya ntini claimed the crucial wicket of fleming , who was well caught by ab de villiers diving to his left at third slip . south africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers herschelle gibbs and captain graeme smith out cheaply , but amla and kallis blunted the attack and then took charge .
new zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman shane bond , bowled by a steyn yorker , before makhaya ntini claimed the crucial wicket of fleming , who was well caught by ab de villiers diving to his left at third slip . johannesburg , south africa -- south african fast bowler dale steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the proteas took a tight grip on the first test against new zealand in johannesburg .
new zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman shane bond , bowled by a steyn yorker , before makhaya ntini claimed the crucial wicket of fleming , who was well caught by ab de villiers diving to his left at third slip . new zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to south africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings .
new zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman shane bond , bowled by a steyn yorker , before makhaya ntini claimed the crucial wicket of fleming , who was well caught by ab de villiers diving to his left at third slip . they batted together for 205 minutes , amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 .
south africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers herschelle gibbs and captain graeme smith out cheaply , but amla and kallis blunted the attack and then took charge . johannesburg , south africa -- south african fast bowler dale steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the proteas took a tight grip on the first test against new zealand in johannesburg .
south africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers herschelle gibbs and captain graeme smith out cheaply , but amla and kallis blunted the attack and then took charge . new zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to south africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings .
south africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers herschelle gibbs and captain graeme smith out cheaply , but amla and kallis blunted the attack and then took charge . they batted together for 205 minutes , amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 .
johannesburg , south africa -- south african fast bowler dale steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the proteas took a tight grip on the first test against new zealand in johannesburg . new zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to south africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings .
johannesburg , south africa -- south african fast bowler dale steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the proteas took a tight grip on the first test against new zealand in johannesburg . they batted together for 205 minutes , amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 .
new zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to south africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings . they batted together for 205 minutes , amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
take it from lifeguard benjamin guss , 25 , of del mar , california , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's iron man triathlon -lrb- yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively -rrb- in kailua-kona , hawaii . with womanly wiles : `` fireflies blink to attract a mate , '' explains naturalist lynn havsall , director of programs at the george b. dorr museum of natural history , in bar harbor , maine .
take it from lifeguard benjamin guss , 25 , of del mar , california , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's iron man triathlon -lrb- yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively -rrb- in kailua-kona , hawaii . the best way to tie espadrilles -- apply this lace-up logic from meghan cleary , author of `` the perfect fit : what your shoes say about you . ''
take it from lifeguard benjamin guss , 25 , of del mar , california , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's iron man triathlon -lrb- yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively -rrb- in kailua-kona , hawaii .  cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are .
take it from lifeguard benjamin guss , 25 , of del mar , california , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's iron man triathlon -lrb- yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively -rrb- in kailua-kona , hawaii .  each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk .
with womanly wiles : `` fireflies blink to attract a mate , '' explains naturalist lynn havsall , director of programs at the george b. dorr museum of natural history , in bar harbor , maine . the best way to tie espadrilles -- apply this lace-up logic from meghan cleary , author of `` the perfect fit : what your shoes say about you . ''
with womanly wiles : `` fireflies blink to attract a mate , '' explains naturalist lynn havsall , director of programs at the george b. dorr museum of natural history , in bar harbor , maine .  cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are .
with womanly wiles : `` fireflies blink to attract a mate , '' explains naturalist lynn havsall , director of programs at the george b. dorr museum of natural history , in bar harbor , maine .  each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk .
the best way to tie espadrilles -- apply this lace-up logic from meghan cleary , author of `` the perfect fit : what your shoes say about you . ''  cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are .
the best way to tie espadrilles -- apply this lace-up logic from meghan cleary , author of `` the perfect fit : what your shoes say about you . ''  each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk .
 cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are .  each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk .
-lrb- livewire -rrb- -- voluble gary vaynerchuk , 31 , the host of `` wine library tv , '' an online video show , has been known to lick rocks , suck leather and eat dirt while on camera , all to illustrate the unique properties of wine . the 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans , who call themselves `` vayniacs , '' share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site 's forum .
-lrb- livewire -rrb- -- voluble gary vaynerchuk , 31 , the host of `` wine library tv , '' an online video show , has been known to lick rocks , suck leather and eat dirt while on camera , all to illustrate the unique properties of wine . one site , savoreachglass.com , declares its dedication to `` exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation , '' with reviews , online journals and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking -- all with attitude .
-lrb- livewire -rrb- -- voluble gary vaynerchuk , 31 , the host of `` wine library tv , '' an online video show , has been known to lick rocks , suck leather and eat dirt while on camera , all to illustrate the unique properties of wine . with rants about wine tasting fees , a feature spotlighting `` wine hotties '' working at california wineries , as well as interactive maps that plot and rate wineries , vinesugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience .
-lrb- livewire -rrb- -- voluble gary vaynerchuk , 31 , the host of `` wine library tv , '' an online video show , has been known to lick rocks , suck leather and eat dirt while on camera , all to illustrate the unique properties of wine . the mission of wine sites like `` wine library tv , '' say several of the people behind these new outlets , is to demystify wine -lrb- and in some cases , sell it , too -rrb- .
the 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans , who call themselves `` vayniacs , '' share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site 's forum . one site , savoreachglass.com , declares its dedication to `` exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation , '' with reviews , online journals and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking -- all with attitude .
the 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans , who call themselves `` vayniacs , '' share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site 's forum . with rants about wine tasting fees , a feature spotlighting `` wine hotties '' working at california wineries , as well as interactive maps that plot and rate wineries , vinesugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience .
the 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans , who call themselves `` vayniacs , '' share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site 's forum . the mission of wine sites like `` wine library tv , '' say several of the people behind these new outlets , is to demystify wine -lrb- and in some cases , sell it , too -rrb- .
one site , savoreachglass.com , declares its dedication to `` exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation , '' with reviews , online journals and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking -- all with attitude . with rants about wine tasting fees , a feature spotlighting `` wine hotties '' working at california wineries , as well as interactive maps that plot and rate wineries , vinesugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience .
one site , savoreachglass.com , declares its dedication to `` exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation , '' with reviews , online journals and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking -- all with attitude . the mission of wine sites like `` wine library tv , '' say several of the people behind these new outlets , is to demystify wine -lrb- and in some cases , sell it , too -rrb- .
with rants about wine tasting fees , a feature spotlighting `` wine hotties '' working at california wineries , as well as interactive maps that plot and rate wineries , vinesugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience . the mission of wine sites like `` wine library tv , '' say several of the people behind these new outlets , is to demystify wine -lrb- and in some cases , sell it , too -rrb- .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service .
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . '' `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
-lrb- instyle -rrb- -- after years in the bronze age , when sun-kissed cheeks and gloss reigned supreme , fall 's return to glamour means that lipstick is making a major comeback . to avoid an unnaturally dark outline , use a shade that 's lighter than your lipstick , like revlon colorstay lip liner in plum -lrb- $ 8 ; at drugstores -rrb- .
-lrb- instyle -rrb- -- after years in the bronze age , when sun-kissed cheeks and gloss reigned supreme , fall 's return to glamour means that lipstick is making a major comeback . `` dab some on immediately after getting out of the shower , when your lips are still a little moist , '' suggests hollywood pro kara yoshimoto bua .
-lrb- instyle -rrb- -- after years in the bronze age , when sun-kissed cheeks and gloss reigned supreme , fall 's return to glamour means that lipstick is making a major comeback . for foolproof application , stick with sheer , subdued shades in the morning and save deep , bold colors -lrb- which require more time and precision -rrb- for night .
-lrb- instyle -rrb- -- after years in the bronze age , when sun-kissed cheeks and gloss reigned supreme , fall 's return to glamour means that lipstick is making a major comeback . define the borders of your mouth with a pencil to prevent color from bleeding , says robin fredriksz , who gave barrymore her deep fuchsia lip .
to avoid an unnaturally dark outline , use a shade that 's lighter than your lipstick , like revlon colorstay lip liner in plum -lrb- $ 8 ; at drugstores -rrb- . `` dab some on immediately after getting out of the shower , when your lips are still a little moist , '' suggests hollywood pro kara yoshimoto bua .
to avoid an unnaturally dark outline , use a shade that 's lighter than your lipstick , like revlon colorstay lip liner in plum -lrb- $ 8 ; at drugstores -rrb- . for foolproof application , stick with sheer , subdued shades in the morning and save deep , bold colors -lrb- which require more time and precision -rrb- for night .
to avoid an unnaturally dark outline , use a shade that 's lighter than your lipstick , like revlon colorstay lip liner in plum -lrb- $ 8 ; at drugstores -rrb- . define the borders of your mouth with a pencil to prevent color from bleeding , says robin fredriksz , who gave barrymore her deep fuchsia lip .
`` dab some on immediately after getting out of the shower , when your lips are still a little moist , '' suggests hollywood pro kara yoshimoto bua . for foolproof application , stick with sheer , subdued shades in the morning and save deep , bold colors -lrb- which require more time and precision -rrb- for night .
`` dab some on immediately after getting out of the shower , when your lips are still a little moist , '' suggests hollywood pro kara yoshimoto bua . define the borders of your mouth with a pencil to prevent color from bleeding , says robin fredriksz , who gave barrymore her deep fuchsia lip .
for foolproof application , stick with sheer , subdued shades in the morning and save deep , bold colors -lrb- which require more time and precision -rrb- for night . define the borders of your mouth with a pencil to prevent color from bleeding , says robin fredriksz , who gave barrymore her deep fuchsia lip .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world .
most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list .
international aid groups -- including save the children , world vision , and the red crescent , which already have offices in bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . patuakhali , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive .
international aid groups -- including save the children , world vision , and the red crescent , which already have offices in bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . see dramatic photos of storm survivors '' sidr has already ruined bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past .
international aid groups -- including save the children , world vision , and the red crescent , which already have offices in bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . in addition , the u.s. agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person department of defense medical team is in bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm .
international aid groups -- including save the children , world vision , and the red crescent , which already have offices in bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . watch as people are left to fend for themselves '' low-lying bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country .
patuakhali , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive . see dramatic photos of storm survivors '' sidr has already ruined bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past .
patuakhali , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive . in addition , the u.s. agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person department of defense medical team is in bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm .
patuakhali , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive . watch as people are left to fend for themselves '' low-lying bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country .
see dramatic photos of storm survivors '' sidr has already ruined bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past . in addition , the u.s. agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person department of defense medical team is in bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm .
see dramatic photos of storm survivors '' sidr has already ruined bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past . watch as people are left to fend for themselves '' low-lying bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country .
in addition , the u.s. agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person department of defense medical team is in bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm . watch as people are left to fend for themselves '' low-lying bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country .
glasgow , scotland -- world champions italy clinched qualification for euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at hampden park -- killing off scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . at the other end , scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from lee mcculloch appeared to be handled by zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored .
glasgow , scotland -- world champions italy clinched qualification for euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at hampden park -- killing off scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . david weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before andrea pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line .
glasgow , scotland -- world champions italy clinched qualification for euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at hampden park -- killing off scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . luca toni celebrates his early goal as italy won 2-1 in scotland to clinch qualification from group b. luca toni shot italy in front but scotland recovered to dominate and barry ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller .
glasgow , scotland -- world champions italy clinched qualification for euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at hampden park -- killing off scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . `` in italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the champions league and the world cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . ''
at the other end , scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from lee mcculloch appeared to be handled by zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored . david weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before andrea pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line .
at the other end , scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from lee mcculloch appeared to be handled by zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored . luca toni celebrates his early goal as italy won 2-1 in scotland to clinch qualification from group b. luca toni shot italy in front but scotland recovered to dominate and barry ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller .
at the other end , scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from lee mcculloch appeared to be handled by zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored . `` in italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the champions league and the world cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . ''
david weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before andrea pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line . luca toni celebrates his early goal as italy won 2-1 in scotland to clinch qualification from group b. luca toni shot italy in front but scotland recovered to dominate and barry ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller .
david weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before andrea pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line . `` in italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the champions league and the world cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . ''
luca toni celebrates his early goal as italy won 2-1 in scotland to clinch qualification from group b. luca toni shot italy in front but scotland recovered to dominate and barry ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller . `` in italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the champions league and the world cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . ''
thanks to curator bob mccoy -lrb- who recently donated the collection to the science museum of minnesota -rrb- , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the st. paul tourist attraction , whether it 's a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers . of course , if you 're interested in the hobo convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the `` hobo jungle , '' located by the railroad tracks .
thanks to curator bob mccoy -lrb- who recently donated the collection to the science museum of minnesota -rrb- , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the st. paul tourist attraction , whether it 's a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers . most jfk buffs are familiar with the sixth floor museum housed in the former texas school book depository , which recounts all those boring `` mainstream '' details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of lee harvey oswald .
thanks to curator bob mccoy -lrb- who recently donated the collection to the science museum of minnesota -rrb- , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the st. paul tourist attraction , whether it 's a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers . and for your recycler-in-training , head across the state to the children 's garbage museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1-ton trash-o-saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms .
thanks to curator bob mccoy -lrb- who recently donated the collection to the science museum of minnesota -rrb- , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the st. paul tourist attraction , whether it 's a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers . but only circus freaks -lrb- and by that we mean `` enthusiasts '' -rrb- will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of barnum 's 40-inch-tall sidekick , general tom thumb .
of course , if you 're interested in the hobo convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the `` hobo jungle , '' located by the railroad tracks . most jfk buffs are familiar with the sixth floor museum housed in the former texas school book depository , which recounts all those boring `` mainstream '' details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of lee harvey oswald .
of course , if you 're interested in the hobo convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the `` hobo jungle , '' located by the railroad tracks . and for your recycler-in-training , head across the state to the children 's garbage museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1-ton trash-o-saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms .
of course , if you 're interested in the hobo convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the `` hobo jungle , '' located by the railroad tracks . but only circus freaks -lrb- and by that we mean `` enthusiasts '' -rrb- will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of barnum 's 40-inch-tall sidekick , general tom thumb .
most jfk buffs are familiar with the sixth floor museum housed in the former texas school book depository , which recounts all those boring `` mainstream '' details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of lee harvey oswald . and for your recycler-in-training , head across the state to the children 's garbage museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1-ton trash-o-saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms .
most jfk buffs are familiar with the sixth floor museum housed in the former texas school book depository , which recounts all those boring `` mainstream '' details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of lee harvey oswald . but only circus freaks -lrb- and by that we mean `` enthusiasts '' -rrb- will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of barnum 's 40-inch-tall sidekick , general tom thumb .
and for your recycler-in-training , head across the state to the children 's garbage museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1-ton trash-o-saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms . but only circus freaks -lrb- and by that we mean `` enthusiasts '' -rrb- will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of barnum 's 40-inch-tall sidekick , general tom thumb .
considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as heigl 's impressive acting range -- she plays tv dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy , as in the mega-hit `` knocked up '' and next year 's 27 dresses -- it seems natural for her to be in style 's first ever triple-cover girl . as katherine heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the roosevelt golf course at griffith park in los angeles , she walks stiffly , holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late .
considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as heigl 's impressive acting range -- she plays tv dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy , as in the mega-hit `` knocked up '' and next year 's 27 dresses -- it seems natural for her to be in style 's first ever triple-cover girl . so here she is , in a strapless , ankle-length juicy couture sundress -lrb- donned to accommodate the residual stickiness -rrb- , fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when -lrb- or if -rrb- the lotion ever sets .
considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as heigl 's impressive acting range -- she plays tv dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy , as in the mega-hit `` knocked up '' and next year 's 27 dresses -- it seems natural for her to be in style 's first ever triple-cover girl . `` i love everything new , '' says heigl , 28 , who , in addition to being nominated for an emmy for best supporting actress on `` grey 's anatomy , '' just started a production company at fox .
considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as heigl 's impressive acting range -- she plays tv dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy , as in the mega-hit `` knocked up '' and next year 's 27 dresses -- it seems natural for her to be in style 's first ever triple-cover girl . i once wore a long hair-extension ponytail , and someone asked me if it was real , like i was one of those dolls when we were little , and the hair just cranks out .
as katherine heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the roosevelt golf course at griffith park in los angeles , she walks stiffly , holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late . so here she is , in a strapless , ankle-length juicy couture sundress -lrb- donned to accommodate the residual stickiness -rrb- , fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when -lrb- or if -rrb- the lotion ever sets .
as katherine heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the roosevelt golf course at griffith park in los angeles , she walks stiffly , holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late . `` i love everything new , '' says heigl , 28 , who , in addition to being nominated for an emmy for best supporting actress on `` grey 's anatomy , '' just started a production company at fox .
as katherine heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the roosevelt golf course at griffith park in los angeles , she walks stiffly , holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late . i once wore a long hair-extension ponytail , and someone asked me if it was real , like i was one of those dolls when we were little , and the hair just cranks out .
so here she is , in a strapless , ankle-length juicy couture sundress -lrb- donned to accommodate the residual stickiness -rrb- , fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when -lrb- or if -rrb- the lotion ever sets . `` i love everything new , '' says heigl , 28 , who , in addition to being nominated for an emmy for best supporting actress on `` grey 's anatomy , '' just started a production company at fox .
so here she is , in a strapless , ankle-length juicy couture sundress -lrb- donned to accommodate the residual stickiness -rrb- , fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when -lrb- or if -rrb- the lotion ever sets . i once wore a long hair-extension ponytail , and someone asked me if it was real , like i was one of those dolls when we were little , and the hair just cranks out .
`` i love everything new , '' says heigl , 28 , who , in addition to being nominated for an emmy for best supporting actress on `` grey 's anatomy , '' just started a production company at fox . i once wore a long hair-extension ponytail , and someone asked me if it was real , like i was one of those dolls when we were little , and the hair just cranks out .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . in san bernardino , east of los angeles , john rund , of hesperia , was arrested wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire tuesday , the sheriff 's department said .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . elsewhere , the los angeles county district attorney 's office filed arson charges friday against a 41-year-old sun valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the west hills neighborhood and walked away .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on santiago canyon road on sunday , near the time the santiago fire started , orange county authorities said friday .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . in san diego county , the sheriff 's department this week arrested an adult and a juvenile allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in vista in the northern part of the county .
in san bernardino , east of los angeles , john rund , of hesperia , was arrested wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire tuesday , the sheriff 's department said . elsewhere , the los angeles county district attorney 's office filed arson charges friday against a 41-year-old sun valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the west hills neighborhood and walked away .
in san bernardino , east of los angeles , john rund , of hesperia , was arrested wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire tuesday , the sheriff 's department said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on santiago canyon road on sunday , near the time the santiago fire started , orange county authorities said friday .
in san bernardino , east of los angeles , john rund , of hesperia , was arrested wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire tuesday , the sheriff 's department said . in san diego county , the sheriff 's department this week arrested an adult and a juvenile allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in vista in the northern part of the county .
elsewhere , the los angeles county district attorney 's office filed arson charges friday against a 41-year-old sun valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the west hills neighborhood and walked away . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on santiago canyon road on sunday , near the time the santiago fire started , orange county authorities said friday .
elsewhere , the los angeles county district attorney 's office filed arson charges friday against a 41-year-old sun valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the west hills neighborhood and walked away . in san diego county , the sheriff 's department this week arrested an adult and a juvenile allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in vista in the northern part of the county .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on santiago canyon road on sunday , near the time the santiago fire started , orange county authorities said friday . in san diego county , the sheriff 's department this week arrested an adult and a juvenile allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in vista in the northern part of the county .
watch how old rivalries have been posing problems '' also helping improve the security situation are the cease-fire by radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr 's mehdi army and the development of a program that employs `` concerned local citizens '' to assist u.s. and iraqi forces , farris said . people line the streets , cars congest them , trash collectors and other city workers have returned , local leaders are holding community meetings again and `` markets have come back like gangbusters , '' said army col. don farris , commander of 2nd brigade combat team , 82nd airborne division .
watch how old rivalries have been posing problems '' also helping improve the security situation are the cease-fire by radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr 's mehdi army and the development of a program that employs `` concerned local citizens '' to assist u.s. and iraqi forces , farris said . despite improvements in the security situation , farris warned that `` we still have a lot of work to do '' because there does n't appear to be any sign that shiite extremists with links to iran are halting their activities .
watch how old rivalries have been posing problems '' also helping improve the security situation are the cease-fire by radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr 's mehdi army and the development of a program that employs `` concerned local citizens '' to assist u.s. and iraqi forces , farris said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern baghdad , prompting a u.s. military officer to proclaim monday that security there is `` dramatically improving . ''
watch how old rivalries have been posing problems '' also helping improve the security situation are the cease-fire by radical shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr 's mehdi army and the development of a program that employs `` concerned local citizens '' to assist u.s. and iraqi forces , farris said . some of those citizens are members of local sunni `` awakening councils , '' comprised of former militants -- often armed -- who create neighborhood watch groups to root out the insurgent elements in an area .
people line the streets , cars congest them , trash collectors and other city workers have returned , local leaders are holding community meetings again and `` markets have come back like gangbusters , '' said army col. don farris , commander of 2nd brigade combat team , 82nd airborne division . despite improvements in the security situation , farris warned that `` we still have a lot of work to do '' because there does n't appear to be any sign that shiite extremists with links to iran are halting their activities .
people line the streets , cars congest them , trash collectors and other city workers have returned , local leaders are holding community meetings again and `` markets have come back like gangbusters , '' said army col. don farris , commander of 2nd brigade combat team , 82nd airborne division . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern baghdad , prompting a u.s. military officer to proclaim monday that security there is `` dramatically improving . ''
people line the streets , cars congest them , trash collectors and other city workers have returned , local leaders are holding community meetings again and `` markets have come back like gangbusters , '' said army col. don farris , commander of 2nd brigade combat team , 82nd airborne division . some of those citizens are members of local sunni `` awakening councils , '' comprised of former militants -- often armed -- who create neighborhood watch groups to root out the insurgent elements in an area .
despite improvements in the security situation , farris warned that `` we still have a lot of work to do '' because there does n't appear to be any sign that shiite extremists with links to iran are halting their activities . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern baghdad , prompting a u.s. military officer to proclaim monday that security there is `` dramatically improving . ''
despite improvements in the security situation , farris warned that `` we still have a lot of work to do '' because there does n't appear to be any sign that shiite extremists with links to iran are halting their activities . some of those citizens are members of local sunni `` awakening councils , '' comprised of former militants -- often armed -- who create neighborhood watch groups to root out the insurgent elements in an area .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern baghdad , prompting a u.s. military officer to proclaim monday that security there is `` dramatically improving . '' some of those citizens are members of local sunni `` awakening councils , '' comprised of former militants -- often armed -- who create neighborhood watch groups to root out the insurgent elements in an area .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
`` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
watch home video showing the house in flames '' `` it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , '' pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday .
watch home video showing the house in flames '' `` it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , '' pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend . the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function .
watch home video showing the house in flames '' `` it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , '' pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend . smith said the house was fully `` engulfed '' in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified .
watch home video showing the house in flames '' `` it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , '' pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend . `` this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday . the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday . smith said the house was fully `` engulfed '' in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday . `` this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters .
the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function . smith said the house was fully `` engulfed '' in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified .
the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function . `` this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters .
smith said the house was fully `` engulfed '' in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified . `` this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
during a 1911 performance of the critically hated `` paris is a paradise for coons '' -lrb- title not edited for political correctness -rrb- , jolson stopped and asked the audience if they 'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play . '' although it began accidentally -lrb- when he was short an actor for the film `` the lodger '' -rrb- , hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films , amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career .
during a 1911 performance of the critically hated `` paris is a paradise for coons '' -lrb- title not edited for political correctness -rrb- , jolson stopped and asked the audience if they 'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play . but , despite the enormity of his contributions to stage and screen , jolson 's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface -lrb- considered highly offensive now , but pretty common at the time -rrb- .
during a 1911 performance of the critically hated `` paris is a paradise for coons '' -lrb- title not edited for political correctness -rrb- , jolson stopped and asked the audience if they 'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play . rand 's novels often focus on protagonists -lrb- invariably men -rrb- who are shunned by others because of their genius , but then persevere over the foolishness of morons to prove said genius and emerge triumphant .
during a 1911 performance of the critically hated `` paris is a paradise for coons '' -lrb- title not edited for political correctness -rrb- , jolson stopped and asked the audience if they 'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play . when stanley respectfully explained that -lrb- a -rrb- temperatures during summer nights in dallas often exceed 80 degrees and -lrb- b -rrb- a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets , wright threw a series of tantrums .
'' although it began accidentally -lrb- when he was short an actor for the film `` the lodger '' -rrb- , hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films , amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career . but , despite the enormity of his contributions to stage and screen , jolson 's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface -lrb- considered highly offensive now , but pretty common at the time -rrb- .
'' although it began accidentally -lrb- when he was short an actor for the film `` the lodger '' -rrb- , hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films , amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career . rand 's novels often focus on protagonists -lrb- invariably men -rrb- who are shunned by others because of their genius , but then persevere over the foolishness of morons to prove said genius and emerge triumphant .
'' although it began accidentally -lrb- when he was short an actor for the film `` the lodger '' -rrb- , hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films , amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career . when stanley respectfully explained that -lrb- a -rrb- temperatures during summer nights in dallas often exceed 80 degrees and -lrb- b -rrb- a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets , wright threw a series of tantrums .
but , despite the enormity of his contributions to stage and screen , jolson 's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface -lrb- considered highly offensive now , but pretty common at the time -rrb- . rand 's novels often focus on protagonists -lrb- invariably men -rrb- who are shunned by others because of their genius , but then persevere over the foolishness of morons to prove said genius and emerge triumphant .
but , despite the enormity of his contributions to stage and screen , jolson 's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface -lrb- considered highly offensive now , but pretty common at the time -rrb- . when stanley respectfully explained that -lrb- a -rrb- temperatures during summer nights in dallas often exceed 80 degrees and -lrb- b -rrb- a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets , wright threw a series of tantrums .
rand 's novels often focus on protagonists -lrb- invariably men -rrb- who are shunned by others because of their genius , but then persevere over the foolishness of morons to prove said genius and emerge triumphant . when stanley respectfully explained that -lrb- a -rrb- temperatures during summer nights in dallas often exceed 80 degrees and -lrb- b -rrb- a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets , wright threw a series of tantrums .
in october 1851 paul julius reuter , a german-born immigrant , opened an office in the city of london which transmitted stock market quotations between london and paris via the new calais-dover cable . 18 months earlier he had used pigeons to fly stock prices between aachen and brussels , a service which operated for a year until the gap in the telegraph link was closed .
in october 1851 paul julius reuter , a german-born immigrant , opened an office in the city of london which transmitted stock market quotations between london and paris via the new calais-dover cable . today reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe , and is the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries .
in october 1851 paul julius reuter , a german-born immigrant , opened an office in the city of london which transmitted stock market quotations between london and paris via the new calais-dover cable . although reuters is best known as the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , more than 90 % of its revenue derives from its financial services business .
in october 1851 paul julius reuter , a german-born immigrant , opened an office in the city of london which transmitted stock market quotations between london and paris via the new calais-dover cable . in 1883 reuters began to use a `` column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to london newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .
18 months earlier he had used pigeons to fly stock prices between aachen and brussels , a service which operated for a year until the gap in the telegraph link was closed . today reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe , and is the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries .
18 months earlier he had used pigeons to fly stock prices between aachen and brussels , a service which operated for a year until the gap in the telegraph link was closed . although reuters is best known as the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , more than 90 % of its revenue derives from its financial services business .
18 months earlier he had used pigeons to fly stock prices between aachen and brussels , a service which operated for a year until the gap in the telegraph link was closed . in 1883 reuters began to use a `` column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to london newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .
today reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe , and is the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries . although reuters is best known as the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , more than 90 % of its revenue derives from its financial services business .
today reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe , and is the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries . in 1883 reuters began to use a `` column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to london newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .
although reuters is best known as the world 's largest international multimedia news agency , more than 90 % of its revenue derives from its financial services business . in 1883 reuters began to use a `` column printer '' to transmit messages electrically to london newspapers and in 1923 pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally .
murray , who won his second title this year at the st petersburg open last sunday , made a confident start against nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on monday . he held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the swiss indoors event by roger federer last weekend , but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak .
murray , who won his second title this year at the st petersburg open last sunday , made a confident start against nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on monday . the result is a boost for rising british star andy murray , who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the masters cup by winning his first match in paris and was expected to face djokovic .
murray , who won his second title this year at the st petersburg open last sunday , made a confident start against nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on monday . the scot was broken just one point after having a winner overturned following an on-court appeal , but he leveled immediately and then broke nieminen again to win a third successive game before serving out for victory .
murray , who won his second title this year at the st petersburg open last sunday , made a confident start against nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on monday . the russian , fined for `` lack of effort '' after his defeat by croatian qualifier marian cilic in st petersburg , will next face marcos baghdatis of cyprus in round three after baghdatis shocked 13th seed ivan ljubicic .
he held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the swiss indoors event by roger federer last weekend , but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak . the result is a boost for rising british star andy murray , who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the masters cup by winning his first match in paris and was expected to face djokovic .
he held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the swiss indoors event by roger federer last weekend , but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak . the scot was broken just one point after having a winner overturned following an on-court appeal , but he leveled immediately and then broke nieminen again to win a third successive game before serving out for victory .
he held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the swiss indoors event by roger federer last weekend , but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak . the russian , fined for `` lack of effort '' after his defeat by croatian qualifier marian cilic in st petersburg , will next face marcos baghdatis of cyprus in round three after baghdatis shocked 13th seed ivan ljubicic .
the result is a boost for rising british star andy murray , who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the masters cup by winning his first match in paris and was expected to face djokovic . the scot was broken just one point after having a winner overturned following an on-court appeal , but he leveled immediately and then broke nieminen again to win a third successive game before serving out for victory .
the result is a boost for rising british star andy murray , who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the masters cup by winning his first match in paris and was expected to face djokovic . the russian , fined for `` lack of effort '' after his defeat by croatian qualifier marian cilic in st petersburg , will next face marcos baghdatis of cyprus in round three after baghdatis shocked 13th seed ivan ljubicic .
the scot was broken just one point after having a winner overturned following an on-court appeal , but he leveled immediately and then broke nieminen again to win a third successive game before serving out for victory . the russian , fined for `` lack of effort '' after his defeat by croatian qualifier marian cilic in st petersburg , will next face marcos baghdatis of cyprus in round three after baghdatis shocked 13th seed ivan ljubicic .
tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , de meo said . whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as i 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , '' de meo said earlier .
tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , de meo said . harry kuehn , tuck 's attorney , said this week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that tuck was `` racked by indecision '' about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , de meo said . a former las vegas animal trainer , chester arthur stiles , 37 , a resident of pahrump , nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , de meo said .
tuck , who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , de meo said . `` you have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; he 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in nye county ; it was previously unsatisfactory , '' the attorney said .
whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as i 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , '' de meo said earlier . harry kuehn , tuck 's attorney , said this week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that tuck was `` racked by indecision '' about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as i 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , '' de meo said earlier . a former las vegas animal trainer , chester arthur stiles , 37 , a resident of pahrump , nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , de meo said .
whoever this person is is a predator that , as far as i 'm concerned , belongs in custody and , if successfully prosecuted , in jail for as long as the law allows , '' de meo said earlier . `` you have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; he 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in nye county ; it was previously unsatisfactory , '' the attorney said .
harry kuehn , tuck 's attorney , said this week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that tuck was `` racked by indecision '' about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . a former las vegas animal trainer , chester arthur stiles , 37 , a resident of pahrump , nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , de meo said .
harry kuehn , tuck 's attorney , said this week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that tuck was `` racked by indecision '' about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . `` you have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; he 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in nye county ; it was previously unsatisfactory , '' the attorney said .
a former las vegas animal trainer , chester arthur stiles , 37 , a resident of pahrump , nevada , has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case , de meo said . `` you have to consider what kind of concerns my client had ; he 's previously dealt with the sheriff 's office in nye county ; it was previously unsatisfactory , '' the attorney said .
he won the italian domestic title in his first season at milan having joined from brazilians sao paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that milan president silvio berlusconi then described as peanuts . he was part of brazil 's 2002 world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against costa rica .
he won the italian domestic title in his first season at milan having joined from brazilians sao paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that milan president silvio berlusconi then described as peanuts . paris , france -- ac milan 's brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football 's ballon d'or award .
he won the italian domestic title in his first season at milan having joined from brazilians sao paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that milan president silvio berlusconi then described as peanuts . `` it 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan .
he won the italian domestic title in his first season at milan having joined from brazilians sao paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that milan president silvio berlusconi then described as peanuts . he was top scorer in last season 's champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the 2005 final .
he was part of brazil 's 2002 world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against costa rica . paris , france -- ac milan 's brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football 's ballon d'or award .
he was part of brazil 's 2002 world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against costa rica . `` it 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan .
he was part of brazil 's 2002 world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against costa rica . he was top scorer in last season 's champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the 2005 final .
paris , france -- ac milan 's brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football 's ballon d'or award . `` it 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan .
paris , france -- ac milan 's brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football 's ballon d'or award . he was top scorer in last season 's champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the 2005 final .
`` it 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan . he was top scorer in last season 's champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the 2005 final .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . ''
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy . `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
`` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
it believed that with a national health service being introduced a year later , there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where , when and by whom they were treated . the company 's uk care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly , the mentally ill , young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as parkinson 's and huntington 's diseases .
it believed that with a national health service being introduced a year later , there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where , when and by whom they were treated . led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation bupa initiated the nuffield homes charitable trust - later renamed nuffield hospitals .
it believed that with a national health service being introduced a year later , there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where , when and by whom they were treated . bupa 's biggest and original business is health insurance in the uk , both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees .
it believed that with a national health service being introduced a year later , there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where , when and by whom they were treated . sanitas , the bupa business in spain , has one million insured customers who have access to a network of 18,000 medical professionals and 450 medical centres .
the company 's uk care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly , the mentally ill , young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as parkinson 's and huntington 's diseases . led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation bupa initiated the nuffield homes charitable trust - later renamed nuffield hospitals .
the company 's uk care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly , the mentally ill , young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as parkinson 's and huntington 's diseases . bupa 's biggest and original business is health insurance in the uk , both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees .
the company 's uk care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly , the mentally ill , young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as parkinson 's and huntington 's diseases . sanitas , the bupa business in spain , has one million insured customers who have access to a network of 18,000 medical professionals and 450 medical centres .
led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation bupa initiated the nuffield homes charitable trust - later renamed nuffield hospitals . bupa 's biggest and original business is health insurance in the uk , both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees .
led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation bupa initiated the nuffield homes charitable trust - later renamed nuffield hospitals . sanitas , the bupa business in spain , has one million insured customers who have access to a network of 18,000 medical professionals and 450 medical centres .
bupa 's biggest and original business is health insurance in the uk , both for individuals and corporations that want to look after the health of their employees . sanitas , the bupa business in spain , has one million insured customers who have access to a network of 18,000 medical professionals and 450 medical centres .
all 67,100 permanent staff are partners who own 26 john lewis department stores , 183 waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , john lewis direct a direct services company - greenbee , three production units and a farm . hampson 's salary for january 26 , 2006 to january 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 .
all 67,100 permanent staff are partners who own 26 john lewis department stores , 183 waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , john lewis direct a direct services company - greenbee , three production units and a farm . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the partnership started as a single shop on oxford street in london , opened in 1864 by john lewis .
all 67,100 permanent staff are partners who own 26 john lewis department stores , 183 waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , john lewis direct a direct services company - greenbee , three production units and a farm . today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the uk , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people .
all 67,100 permanent staff are partners who own 26 john lewis department stores , 183 waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , john lewis direct a direct services company - greenbee , three production units and a farm . the bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee .
hampson 's salary for january 26 , 2006 to january 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the partnership started as a single shop on oxford street in london , opened in 1864 by john lewis .
hampson 's salary for january 26 , 2006 to january 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 . today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the uk , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people .
hampson 's salary for january 26 , 2006 to january 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 . the bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the partnership started as a single shop on oxford street in london , opened in 1864 by john lewis . today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the uk , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the partnership started as a single shop on oxford street in london , opened in 1864 by john lewis . the bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee .
today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the uk , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people . the bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee .
and it helped welcome the 20th century when massachusetts sen. henry cabot lodge warned that immigrants -lrb- read : the irish -rrb- were diluting `` the quality of -lrb- u.s. -rrb- citizenship '' and others complained that italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . it conjures up the alarm bells that benjamin franklin set off about german immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the english , but would `` swarm into our settlements , and by herding together establish their language and manners to the exclusion of ours . ''
and it helped welcome the 20th century when massachusetts sen. henry cabot lodge warned that immigrants -lrb- read : the irish -rrb- were diluting `` the quality of -lrb- u.s. -rrb- citizenship '' and others complained that italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . this sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up .
and it helped welcome the 20th century when massachusetts sen. henry cabot lodge warned that immigrants -lrb- read : the irish -rrb- were diluting `` the quality of -lrb- u.s. -rrb- citizenship '' and others complained that italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . the restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here .
and it helped welcome the 20th century when massachusetts sen. henry cabot lodge warned that immigrants -lrb- read : the irish -rrb- were diluting `` the quality of -lrb- u.s. -rrb- citizenship '' and others complained that italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . the article quotes orville tranby , a local community leader in cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him `` face to face '' that such facilities might attract hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture .
it conjures up the alarm bells that benjamin franklin set off about german immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the english , but would `` swarm into our settlements , and by herding together establish their language and manners to the exclusion of ours . '' this sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up .
it conjures up the alarm bells that benjamin franklin set off about german immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the english , but would `` swarm into our settlements , and by herding together establish their language and manners to the exclusion of ours . '' the restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here .
it conjures up the alarm bells that benjamin franklin set off about german immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the english , but would `` swarm into our settlements , and by herding together establish their language and manners to the exclusion of ours . '' the article quotes orville tranby , a local community leader in cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him `` face to face '' that such facilities might attract hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture .
this sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up . the restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here .
this sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up . the article quotes orville tranby , a local community leader in cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him `` face to face '' that such facilities might attract hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture .
the restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here . the article quotes orville tranby , a local community leader in cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him `` face to face '' that such facilities might attract hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- franklin antonio , adelia coffman , andrew cohen , klein gilhousen , irwin jacobs , andrew viterbi and harvey white . the company has been listed among fortune 's `` 100 best companies to work for in america '' for nine years in a row and the magazine 's list of '' most admired companies . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- franklin antonio , adelia coffman , andrew cohen , klein gilhousen , irwin jacobs , andrew viterbi and harvey white . qualcomm is among the members of the s&p 500 index , fortune 500 , and a winner of the u.s. department of labor 's '' secretary of labor 's opportunity award . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- franklin antonio , adelia coffman , andrew cohen , klein gilhousen , irwin jacobs , andrew viterbi and harvey white . one of qualcomm 's first products was omnitracs , introduced in 1988 , which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- franklin antonio , adelia coffman , andrew cohen , klein gilhousen , irwin jacobs , andrew viterbi and harvey white . qualcomm 's annual revenue for 2006 was $ 7.53 billion , with a net income of $ 2.47 billion .
the company has been listed among fortune 's `` 100 best companies to work for in america '' for nine years in a row and the magazine 's list of '' most admired companies . '' qualcomm is among the members of the s&p 500 index , fortune 500 , and a winner of the u.s. department of labor 's '' secretary of labor 's opportunity award . ''
the company has been listed among fortune 's `` 100 best companies to work for in america '' for nine years in a row and the magazine 's list of '' most admired companies . '' one of qualcomm 's first products was omnitracs , introduced in 1988 , which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry .
the company has been listed among fortune 's `` 100 best companies to work for in america '' for nine years in a row and the magazine 's list of '' most admired companies . '' qualcomm 's annual revenue for 2006 was $ 7.53 billion , with a net income of $ 2.47 billion .
qualcomm is among the members of the s&p 500 index , fortune 500 , and a winner of the u.s. department of labor 's '' secretary of labor 's opportunity award . '' one of qualcomm 's first products was omnitracs , introduced in 1988 , which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry .
qualcomm is among the members of the s&p 500 index , fortune 500 , and a winner of the u.s. department of labor 's '' secretary of labor 's opportunity award . '' qualcomm 's annual revenue for 2006 was $ 7.53 billion , with a net income of $ 2.47 billion .
one of qualcomm 's first products was omnitracs , introduced in 1988 , which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry . qualcomm 's annual revenue for 2006 was $ 7.53 billion , with a net income of $ 2.47 billion .
`` a number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , '' he said . the mi5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the uk had come from al qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of pakistan .
`` a number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , '' he said . there is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in east africa -- particularly in somalia -- which is focused on the uk , '' he told the society of editors meeting .
`` a number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , '' he said . jonathan evans , the chief of mi5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al qaeda-inspired terrorism .
`` a number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , '' he said . however , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on british soil were increasingly inspired by al qaeda cadres in other countries , including in iraq and east africa .
the mi5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the uk had come from al qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of pakistan . there is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in east africa -- particularly in somalia -- which is focused on the uk , '' he told the society of editors meeting .
the mi5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the uk had come from al qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of pakistan . jonathan evans , the chief of mi5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al qaeda-inspired terrorism .
the mi5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the uk had come from al qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of pakistan . however , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on british soil were increasingly inspired by al qaeda cadres in other countries , including in iraq and east africa .
there is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in east africa -- particularly in somalia -- which is focused on the uk , '' he told the society of editors meeting . jonathan evans , the chief of mi5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al qaeda-inspired terrorism .
there is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in east africa -- particularly in somalia -- which is focused on the uk , '' he told the society of editors meeting . however , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on british soil were increasingly inspired by al qaeda cadres in other countries , including in iraq and east africa .
jonathan evans , the chief of mi5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al qaeda-inspired terrorism . however , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on british soil were increasingly inspired by al qaeda cadres in other countries , including in iraq and east africa .
siena snatched a share of the spoils from parma in a 2-2 draw as daniele galloppa scored in the last minute while napoli needed an injury time goal from striker ezequiel lavezzi to deny rock-bottom reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . earlier in the day , roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at empoli .
siena snatched a share of the spoils from parma in a 2-2 draw as daniele galloppa scored in the last minute while napoli needed an injury time goal from striker ezequiel lavezzi to deny rock-bottom reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . the result means inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of patrick vieira , francesco toldo , marco materazzi and dejan stankovic ruled out .
siena snatched a share of the spoils from parma in a 2-2 draw as daniele galloppa scored in the last minute while napoli needed an injury time goal from striker ezequiel lavezzi to deny rock-bottom reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . first half goals from french winger ludovic giuly and matteo brighi had put the visiting romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory .
siena snatched a share of the spoils from parma in a 2-2 draw as daniele galloppa scored in the last minute while napoli needed an injury time goal from striker ezequiel lavezzi to deny rock-bottom reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . inter took a first-half lead when argentine striker julio cruz broke juve 's offside trap and latched onto brazilian midfielder cesar 's through ball before firing past gianluigi buffon .
earlier in the day , roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at empoli . the result means inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of patrick vieira , francesco toldo , marco materazzi and dejan stankovic ruled out .
earlier in the day , roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at empoli . first half goals from french winger ludovic giuly and matteo brighi had put the visiting romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory .
earlier in the day , roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at empoli . inter took a first-half lead when argentine striker julio cruz broke juve 's offside trap and latched onto brazilian midfielder cesar 's through ball before firing past gianluigi buffon .
the result means inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of patrick vieira , francesco toldo , marco materazzi and dejan stankovic ruled out . first half goals from french winger ludovic giuly and matteo brighi had put the visiting romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory .
the result means inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of patrick vieira , francesco toldo , marco materazzi and dejan stankovic ruled out . inter took a first-half lead when argentine striker julio cruz broke juve 's offside trap and latched onto brazilian midfielder cesar 's through ball before firing past gianluigi buffon .
first half goals from french winger ludovic giuly and matteo brighi had put the visiting romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory . inter took a first-half lead when argentine striker julio cruz broke juve 's offside trap and latched onto brazilian midfielder cesar 's through ball before firing past gianluigi buffon .
sm : we 've resolved our historical issue with iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... this is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . jd : strategically and a geopolitical question here : the crown prince came out and declared what iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the president of iran to the country .
sm : we 've resolved our historical issue with iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... this is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . jd : can the gcc -lrb- gulf cooperation council -rrb- become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ?
sm : we 've resolved our historical issue with iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... this is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . he was appointed in june 2005 , following 10 years working directly for his highness sheikh salman bin hamad al khalifa , crown prince , commander-in-chief of the bahrain defense force and chairman of the economic development board .
sm : we 've resolved our historical issue with iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... this is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . a keen motor sports enthusiast , sheikh mohammed was deputy board chairman of the bahrain international circuit and is a former vice president of the bahrain motor club , now known as the bahrain motor federation .
jd : strategically and a geopolitical question here : the crown prince came out and declared what iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the president of iran to the country . jd : can the gcc -lrb- gulf cooperation council -rrb- become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ?
jd : strategically and a geopolitical question here : the crown prince came out and declared what iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the president of iran to the country . he was appointed in june 2005 , following 10 years working directly for his highness sheikh salman bin hamad al khalifa , crown prince , commander-in-chief of the bahrain defense force and chairman of the economic development board .
jd : strategically and a geopolitical question here : the crown prince came out and declared what iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the president of iran to the country . a keen motor sports enthusiast , sheikh mohammed was deputy board chairman of the bahrain international circuit and is a former vice president of the bahrain motor club , now known as the bahrain motor federation .
jd : can the gcc -lrb- gulf cooperation council -rrb- become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ? he was appointed in june 2005 , following 10 years working directly for his highness sheikh salman bin hamad al khalifa , crown prince , commander-in-chief of the bahrain defense force and chairman of the economic development board .
jd : can the gcc -lrb- gulf cooperation council -rrb- become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ? a keen motor sports enthusiast , sheikh mohammed was deputy board chairman of the bahrain international circuit and is a former vice president of the bahrain motor club , now known as the bahrain motor federation .
he was appointed in june 2005 , following 10 years working directly for his highness sheikh salman bin hamad al khalifa , crown prince , commander-in-chief of the bahrain defense force and chairman of the economic development board . a keen motor sports enthusiast , sheikh mohammed was deputy board chairman of the bahrain international circuit and is a former vice president of the bahrain motor club , now known as the bahrain motor federation .
`` after that i saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand through the doors towards me , after which i escaped to the corridor downstairs and ran in the opposite direction , '' kiuru said . at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school 's headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around 50 kilometers -lrb- 30 miles -rrb- north of helsinki .
`` after that i saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand through the doors towards me , after which i escaped to the corridor downstairs and ran in the opposite direction , '' kiuru said . as well as video footage of the columbine school shootings , it also included clips of the 1993 waco siege in the united states , the 1995 sarin gas attack in tokyo , and bombs falling on baghdad during the 2003 invasion .
`` after that i saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand through the doors towards me , after which i escaped to the corridor downstairs and ran in the opposite direction , '' kiuru said . watch auvinen fire weapons in video from his web page '' youtube appeared to have removed 89 videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident .
`` after that i saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand through the doors towards me , after which i escaped to the corridor downstairs and ran in the opposite direction , '' kiuru said . helsinki , finland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an 18-year-old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said .
at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school 's headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around 50 kilometers -lrb- 30 miles -rrb- north of helsinki . as well as video footage of the columbine school shootings , it also included clips of the 1993 waco siege in the united states , the 1995 sarin gas attack in tokyo , and bombs falling on baghdad during the 2003 invasion .
at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school 's headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around 50 kilometers -lrb- 30 miles -rrb- north of helsinki . watch auvinen fire weapons in video from his web page '' youtube appeared to have removed 89 videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident .
at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school 's headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around 50 kilometers -lrb- 30 miles -rrb- north of helsinki . helsinki , finland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an 18-year-old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said .
as well as video footage of the columbine school shootings , it also included clips of the 1993 waco siege in the united states , the 1995 sarin gas attack in tokyo , and bombs falling on baghdad during the 2003 invasion . watch auvinen fire weapons in video from his web page '' youtube appeared to have removed 89 videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident .
as well as video footage of the columbine school shootings , it also included clips of the 1993 waco siege in the united states , the 1995 sarin gas attack in tokyo , and bombs falling on baghdad during the 2003 invasion . helsinki , finland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an 18-year-old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said .
watch auvinen fire weapons in video from his web page '' youtube appeared to have removed 89 videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident . helsinki , finland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an 18-year-old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said .
and when hamilton -- who won in japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . raikkone 's team-mate felipe massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by toro rosso 's sebastien vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in japan behind the safety car while hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing .
and when hamilton -- who won in japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . raikkonen and alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both hamilton and alonso .
and when hamilton -- who won in japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . britain 's jenson button was fifth in a honda ahead of vettel 's team-mate vitantonio liuzzi , while germany 's nick heidfeld was seventh for bmw sauber and david coulthard of scotland took the final point for red bull .
and when hamilton -- who won in japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . `` when i got out of the car i was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something i usually do .
raikkone 's team-mate felipe massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by toro rosso 's sebastien vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in japan behind the safety car while hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing . raikkonen and alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both hamilton and alonso .
raikkone 's team-mate felipe massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by toro rosso 's sebastien vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in japan behind the safety car while hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing . britain 's jenson button was fifth in a honda ahead of vettel 's team-mate vitantonio liuzzi , while germany 's nick heidfeld was seventh for bmw sauber and david coulthard of scotland took the final point for red bull .
raikkone 's team-mate felipe massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by toro rosso 's sebastien vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in japan behind the safety car while hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing . `` when i got out of the car i was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something i usually do .
raikkonen and alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both hamilton and alonso . britain 's jenson button was fifth in a honda ahead of vettel 's team-mate vitantonio liuzzi , while germany 's nick heidfeld was seventh for bmw sauber and david coulthard of scotland took the final point for red bull .
raikkonen and alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both hamilton and alonso . `` when i got out of the car i was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something i usually do .
britain 's jenson button was fifth in a honda ahead of vettel 's team-mate vitantonio liuzzi , while germany 's nick heidfeld was seventh for bmw sauber and david coulthard of scotland took the final point for red bull . `` when i got out of the car i was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something i usually do .
sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from riki handing deportivo la coruna a surprise 1-0 win . madrid , spain -- lionel messi scored for the sixth game in a row as barcelona defeated big-spending atletico madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with primera liga leaders real madrid .
sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from riki handing deportivo la coruna a surprise 1-0 win . dutch international ruud van nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before gonzalo higuain netted in the final minute to keep real at the summit .
sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from riki handing deportivo la coruna a surprise 1-0 win . four minutes later messi played a great one-two with ronaldinho and rifled a shot past abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and xavi added a third late on .
sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from riki handing deportivo la coruna a surprise 1-0 win . luck deserted them when wesley sneijder hit the post but van nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top .
madrid , spain -- lionel messi scored for the sixth game in a row as barcelona defeated big-spending atletico madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with primera liga leaders real madrid . dutch international ruud van nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before gonzalo higuain netted in the final minute to keep real at the summit .
madrid , spain -- lionel messi scored for the sixth game in a row as barcelona defeated big-spending atletico madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with primera liga leaders real madrid . four minutes later messi played a great one-two with ronaldinho and rifled a shot past abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and xavi added a third late on .
madrid , spain -- lionel messi scored for the sixth game in a row as barcelona defeated big-spending atletico madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with primera liga leaders real madrid . luck deserted them when wesley sneijder hit the post but van nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top .
dutch international ruud van nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before gonzalo higuain netted in the final minute to keep real at the summit . four minutes later messi played a great one-two with ronaldinho and rifled a shot past abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and xavi added a third late on .
dutch international ruud van nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before gonzalo higuain netted in the final minute to keep real at the summit . luck deserted them when wesley sneijder hit the post but van nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top .
four minutes later messi played a great one-two with ronaldinho and rifled a shot past abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and xavi added a third late on . luck deserted them when wesley sneijder hit the post but van nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top .
strikers : n anelka -lrb- bolton -rrb- , h ben arfa -lrb- lyon -rrb- , k benzema -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s govou -lrb- lyon -rrb- , t henry -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , f malouda -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , f ribery -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- . defenders : e abidal -lrb- barcelona , p evra -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , w gallas -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , b sagna -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , l thuram -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , s squillaci -lrb- lyon -rrb- , f clerc -lrb- lyon -rrb- .
strikers : n anelka -lrb- bolton -rrb- , h ben arfa -lrb- lyon -rrb- , k benzema -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s govou -lrb- lyon -rrb- , t henry -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , f malouda -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , f ribery -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- . midfielders : a diarra -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- , l diarra -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , m flamini -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , c makelele -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , j rothen -lrb- psg -rrb- , j toulalan -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s nasri -lrb- marseille -rrb- .
strikers : n anelka -lrb- bolton -rrb- , h ben arfa -lrb- lyon -rrb- , k benzema -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s govou -lrb- lyon -rrb- , t henry -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , f malouda -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , f ribery -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- . `` i hope david will help juventus win the italian league title and that he will be at the euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for france . ''
strikers : n anelka -lrb- bolton -rrb- , h ben arfa -lrb- lyon -rrb- , k benzema -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s govou -lrb- lyon -rrb- , t henry -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , f malouda -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , f ribery -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- . london , england -- france coach raymond domenech has again omitted striker david trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against morocco and the euro 2008 qualifier against the ukraine .
defenders : e abidal -lrb- barcelona , p evra -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , w gallas -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , b sagna -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , l thuram -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , s squillaci -lrb- lyon -rrb- , f clerc -lrb- lyon -rrb- . midfielders : a diarra -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- , l diarra -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , m flamini -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , c makelele -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , j rothen -lrb- psg -rrb- , j toulalan -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s nasri -lrb- marseille -rrb- .
defenders : e abidal -lrb- barcelona , p evra -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , w gallas -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , b sagna -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , l thuram -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , s squillaci -lrb- lyon -rrb- , f clerc -lrb- lyon -rrb- . `` i hope david will help juventus win the italian league title and that he will be at the euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for france . ''
defenders : e abidal -lrb- barcelona , p evra -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , w gallas -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , b sagna -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , l thuram -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , s squillaci -lrb- lyon -rrb- , f clerc -lrb- lyon -rrb- . london , england -- france coach raymond domenech has again omitted striker david trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against morocco and the euro 2008 qualifier against the ukraine .
midfielders : a diarra -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- , l diarra -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , m flamini -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , c makelele -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , j rothen -lrb- psg -rrb- , j toulalan -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s nasri -lrb- marseille -rrb- . `` i hope david will help juventus win the italian league title and that he will be at the euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for france . ''
midfielders : a diarra -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- , l diarra -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , m flamini -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , c makelele -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , j rothen -lrb- psg -rrb- , j toulalan -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s nasri -lrb- marseille -rrb- . london , england -- france coach raymond domenech has again omitted striker david trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against morocco and the euro 2008 qualifier against the ukraine .
`` i hope david will help juventus win the italian league title and that he will be at the euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for france . '' london , england -- france coach raymond domenech has again omitted striker david trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against morocco and the euro 2008 qualifier against the ukraine .
among the documents is a competency report on jeffs completed in april , in which social worker eric nielsen wrote that throughout the month of january , jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours . the documents , released by fifth district judge james shumate at the request of the media , also indicate that jeffs confessed to `` immorality '' with a `` sister '' and a daughter more than 30 years ago .
among the documents is a competency report on jeffs completed in april , in which social worker eric nielsen wrote that throughout the month of january , jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- polygamist sect leader warren jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial , according to court documents unsealed by a utah judge on tuesday .
among the documents is a competency report on jeffs completed in april , in which social worker eric nielsen wrote that throughout the month of january , jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours . jeffs , the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape .
among the documents is a competency report on jeffs completed in april , in which social worker eric nielsen wrote that throughout the month of january , jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours . jail transcripts show that jeffs ' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother , nephi , in which he said , `` i am not the prophet .
the documents , released by fifth district judge james shumate at the request of the media , also indicate that jeffs confessed to `` immorality '' with a `` sister '' and a daughter more than 30 years ago . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- polygamist sect leader warren jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial , according to court documents unsealed by a utah judge on tuesday .
the documents , released by fifth district judge james shumate at the request of the media , also indicate that jeffs confessed to `` immorality '' with a `` sister '' and a daughter more than 30 years ago . jeffs , the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape .
the documents , released by fifth district judge james shumate at the request of the media , also indicate that jeffs confessed to `` immorality '' with a `` sister '' and a daughter more than 30 years ago . jail transcripts show that jeffs ' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother , nephi , in which he said , `` i am not the prophet .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- polygamist sect leader warren jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial , according to court documents unsealed by a utah judge on tuesday . jeffs , the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- polygamist sect leader warren jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial , according to court documents unsealed by a utah judge on tuesday . jail transcripts show that jeffs ' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother , nephi , in which he said , `` i am not the prophet .
jeffs , the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape . jail transcripts show that jeffs ' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with his brother , nephi , in which he said , `` i am not the prophet .
the sotg was conducting an operation to clear an identified taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , '' chief of the defence force air chief marshal angus houston said . `` however , we do know that the insurgents fired upon isaf soldiers from the compound in which the afghan civilians -lrb- two women and one child -rrb- were found after the fight .
the sotg was conducting an operation to clear an identified taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , '' chief of the defence force air chief marshal angus houston said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one australian soldier , three civilians and taliban militants were killed early friday during heavy fighting in southern afghanistan , according to information from australian and nato officials .
the sotg was conducting an operation to clear an identified taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , '' chief of the defence force air chief marshal angus houston said . `` the action in which private worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting .
the sotg was conducting an operation to clear an identified taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , '' chief of the defence force air chief marshal angus houston said . nato 's international security assistance force said `` a significant number of taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation .
`` however , we do know that the insurgents fired upon isaf soldiers from the compound in which the afghan civilians -lrb- two women and one child -rrb- were found after the fight . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one australian soldier , three civilians and taliban militants were killed early friday during heavy fighting in southern afghanistan , according to information from australian and nato officials .
`` however , we do know that the insurgents fired upon isaf soldiers from the compound in which the afghan civilians -lrb- two women and one child -rrb- were found after the fight . `` the action in which private worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting .
`` however , we do know that the insurgents fired upon isaf soldiers from the compound in which the afghan civilians -lrb- two women and one child -rrb- were found after the fight . nato 's international security assistance force said `` a significant number of taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one australian soldier , three civilians and taliban militants were killed early friday during heavy fighting in southern afghanistan , according to information from australian and nato officials . `` the action in which private worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one australian soldier , three civilians and taliban militants were killed early friday during heavy fighting in southern afghanistan , according to information from australian and nato officials . nato 's international security assistance force said `` a significant number of taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation .
`` the action in which private worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting . nato 's international security assistance force said `` a significant number of taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation .
the group called the operation `` another successful conquest and a second epic that the knights of faith have dictated with their blood , defending the wounded islamic nation and in defiance to the crusaders and their agents , the slaves of america and the sons of france . '' most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the constitutional council -- which oversees elections -- and supreme court in the algiers neighborhood of ben aknoun , according to the state-run algeria press agency .
the group called the operation `` another successful conquest and a second epic that the knights of faith have dictated with their blood , defending the wounded islamic nation and in defiance to the crusaders and their agents , the slaves of america and the sons of france . '' algiers , algeria -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building 's facade and leveled nearby u.n. offices .
the group called the operation `` another successful conquest and a second epic that the knights of faith have dictated with their blood , defending the wounded islamic nation and in defiance to the crusaders and their agents , the slaves of america and the sons of france . '' algeria , which has a population of 33 million , is still recovering from more than a decade of violence that began after the military government called a halt to elections which an islamist party was poised to win .
the group called the operation `` another successful conquest and a second epic that the knights of faith have dictated with their blood , defending the wounded islamic nation and in defiance to the crusaders and their agents , the slaves of america and the sons of france . '' cnn international security correspondent paula newton said the merger combined the expertise of algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al qaeda in north africa , enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of algiers .
most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the constitutional council -- which oversees elections -- and supreme court in the algiers neighborhood of ben aknoun , according to the state-run algeria press agency . algiers , algeria -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building 's facade and leveled nearby u.n. offices .
most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the constitutional council -- which oversees elections -- and supreme court in the algiers neighborhood of ben aknoun , according to the state-run algeria press agency . algeria , which has a population of 33 million , is still recovering from more than a decade of violence that began after the military government called a halt to elections which an islamist party was poised to win .
most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the constitutional council -- which oversees elections -- and supreme court in the algiers neighborhood of ben aknoun , according to the state-run algeria press agency . cnn international security correspondent paula newton said the merger combined the expertise of algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al qaeda in north africa , enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of algiers .
algiers , algeria -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building 's facade and leveled nearby u.n. offices . algeria , which has a population of 33 million , is still recovering from more than a decade of violence that began after the military government called a halt to elections which an islamist party was poised to win .
algiers , algeria -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building 's facade and leveled nearby u.n. offices . cnn international security correspondent paula newton said the merger combined the expertise of algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al qaeda in north africa , enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of algiers .
algeria , which has a population of 33 million , is still recovering from more than a decade of violence that began after the military government called a halt to elections which an islamist party was poised to win . cnn international security correspondent paula newton said the merger combined the expertise of algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al qaeda in north africa , enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of algiers .
as the head of a coffee empire that now boasts over 12,000 stores and recorded revenues in 2006 of $ 7.8 billion , schultz is well equipped to tackle questions on the best ways to succeed in today 's business world . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- as part of an effort to share the best practices of modern business among organizations across the globe , cnn is talking to some of the world 's top executives .
as the head of a coffee empire that now boasts over 12,000 stores and recorded revenues in 2006 of $ 7.8 billion , schultz is well equipped to tackle questions on the best ways to succeed in today 's business world . he will be part of a live discussion at the master class and will take questions that you , the cnn audience , put to him .
as the head of a coffee empire that now boasts over 12,000 stores and recorded revenues in 2006 of $ 7.8 billion , schultz is well equipped to tackle questions on the best ways to succeed in today 's business world . the first of these master classes will be based at the china europe international business school in shanghai and will be aired november 10 and 11 .
as the head of a coffee empire that now boasts over 12,000 stores and recorded revenues in 2006 of $ 7.8 billion , schultz is well equipped to tackle questions on the best ways to succeed in today 's business world . the cnn boardroom master classes will take place in the homes of the world 's largest stock markets -- shanghai , new york and london .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- as part of an effort to share the best practices of modern business among organizations across the globe , cnn is talking to some of the world 's top executives . he will be part of a live discussion at the master class and will take questions that you , the cnn audience , put to him .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- as part of an effort to share the best practices of modern business among organizations across the globe , cnn is talking to some of the world 's top executives . the first of these master classes will be based at the china europe international business school in shanghai and will be aired november 10 and 11 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- as part of an effort to share the best practices of modern business among organizations across the globe , cnn is talking to some of the world 's top executives . the cnn boardroom master classes will take place in the homes of the world 's largest stock markets -- shanghai , new york and london .
he will be part of a live discussion at the master class and will take questions that you , the cnn audience , put to him . the first of these master classes will be based at the china europe international business school in shanghai and will be aired november 10 and 11 .
he will be part of a live discussion at the master class and will take questions that you , the cnn audience , put to him . the cnn boardroom master classes will take place in the homes of the world 's largest stock markets -- shanghai , new york and london .
the first of these master classes will be based at the china europe international business school in shanghai and will be aired november 10 and 11 . the cnn boardroom master classes will take place in the homes of the world 's largest stock markets -- shanghai , new york and london .
`` you have some very slow corners which require good mechanical grip , '' says glass , `` and as always you want good grip in general , but you have to balance that with the long straight , where you need low enough downforce to get a level of drag which allows you to have a good top speed . '' toyota is a relative newcomer to f1 but , having this year surpassed general motors as the world 's number one automobile manufacturer , and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock -lrb- a position that has n't been reflected in sporting success -rrb- , it is not without clout .
`` you have some very slow corners which require good mechanical grip , '' says glass , `` and as always you want good grip in general , but you have to balance that with the long straight , where you need low enough downforce to get a level of drag which allows you to have a good top speed . '' however an announcement by formula one management -lrb- fom -rrb- this month revealed that suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009 -- on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications -- with the location of the japanese grand prix alternating yearly between fuji and suzuka after that .
`` you have some very slow corners which require good mechanical grip , '' says glass , `` and as always you want good grip in general , but you have to balance that with the long straight , where you need low enough downforce to get a level of drag which allows you to have a good top speed . '' `` in order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend , we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels , gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance , '' says willy rampf , technical director of the bmw sauber f1 team .
`` you have some very slow corners which require good mechanical grip , '' says glass , `` and as always you want good grip in general , but you have to balance that with the long straight , where you need low enough downforce to get a level of drag which allows you to have a good top speed . '' not that everything can be predicted : `` i think we are quite accurate but the ultimate response to that is very difficult to say for sure because it very much depends on what happens in the race , '' continues glass .
toyota is a relative newcomer to f1 but , having this year surpassed general motors as the world 's number one automobile manufacturer , and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock -lrb- a position that has n't been reflected in sporting success -rrb- , it is not without clout . however an announcement by formula one management -lrb- fom -rrb- this month revealed that suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009 -- on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications -- with the location of the japanese grand prix alternating yearly between fuji and suzuka after that .
toyota is a relative newcomer to f1 but , having this year surpassed general motors as the world 's number one automobile manufacturer , and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock -lrb- a position that has n't been reflected in sporting success -rrb- , it is not without clout . `` in order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend , we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels , gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance , '' says willy rampf , technical director of the bmw sauber f1 team .
toyota is a relative newcomer to f1 but , having this year surpassed general motors as the world 's number one automobile manufacturer , and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock -lrb- a position that has n't been reflected in sporting success -rrb- , it is not without clout . not that everything can be predicted : `` i think we are quite accurate but the ultimate response to that is very difficult to say for sure because it very much depends on what happens in the race , '' continues glass .
however an announcement by formula one management -lrb- fom -rrb- this month revealed that suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009 -- on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications -- with the location of the japanese grand prix alternating yearly between fuji and suzuka after that . `` in order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend , we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels , gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance , '' says willy rampf , technical director of the bmw sauber f1 team .
however an announcement by formula one management -lrb- fom -rrb- this month revealed that suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009 -- on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications -- with the location of the japanese grand prix alternating yearly between fuji and suzuka after that . not that everything can be predicted : `` i think we are quite accurate but the ultimate response to that is very difficult to say for sure because it very much depends on what happens in the race , '' continues glass .
`` in order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend , we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels , gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance , '' says willy rampf , technical director of the bmw sauber f1 team . not that everything can be predicted : `` i think we are quite accurate but the ultimate response to that is very difficult to say for sure because it very much depends on what happens in the race , '' continues glass .
bush acknowledged the difficulties americans face from high fuel prices , a `` challenged '' housing market and `` uncertainty '' in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- `` but as we have seen in recent years , this economy is resilient , and that 's important for the american people to understand . '' bush signed a $ 470 billion pentagon spending bill that covers the defense department 's normal operations , but democrats split $ 50 billion in spending for the wars in iraq and afghanistan off into a `` bridge fund '' to which they plan to attach demands for bush to withdraw u.s. combat troops .
bush acknowledged the difficulties americans face from high fuel prices , a `` challenged '' housing market and `` uncertainty '' in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- `` but as we have seen in recent years , this economy is resilient , and that 's important for the american people to understand . '' the bill bush vetoed tuesday includes about $ 150 billion to run those departments and more than $ 450 billion in mandatory spending on medicare and medicaid , the federal health care programs for the elderly and poor , according to the house appropriations committee .
bush acknowledged the difficulties americans face from high fuel prices , a `` challenged '' housing market and `` uncertainty '' in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- `` but as we have seen in recent years , this economy is resilient , and that 's important for the american people to understand . '' new albany , indiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush vetoed a $ 600 billion spending bill tuesday , accusing democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases , then took his budget fight with congress on the road .
bush acknowledged the difficulties americans face from high fuel prices , a `` challenged '' housing market and `` uncertainty '' in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- `` but as we have seen in recent years , this economy is resilient , and that 's important for the american people to understand . '' `` the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility , but so far , it 's acting like a teenager with a new credit card , '' he said in a speech in new albany , indiana .
bush signed a $ 470 billion pentagon spending bill that covers the defense department 's normal operations , but democrats split $ 50 billion in spending for the wars in iraq and afghanistan off into a `` bridge fund '' to which they plan to attach demands for bush to withdraw u.s. combat troops . the bill bush vetoed tuesday includes about $ 150 billion to run those departments and more than $ 450 billion in mandatory spending on medicare and medicaid , the federal health care programs for the elderly and poor , according to the house appropriations committee .
bush signed a $ 470 billion pentagon spending bill that covers the defense department 's normal operations , but democrats split $ 50 billion in spending for the wars in iraq and afghanistan off into a `` bridge fund '' to which they plan to attach demands for bush to withdraw u.s. combat troops . new albany , indiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush vetoed a $ 600 billion spending bill tuesday , accusing democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases , then took his budget fight with congress on the road .
bush signed a $ 470 billion pentagon spending bill that covers the defense department 's normal operations , but democrats split $ 50 billion in spending for the wars in iraq and afghanistan off into a `` bridge fund '' to which they plan to attach demands for bush to withdraw u.s. combat troops . `` the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility , but so far , it 's acting like a teenager with a new credit card , '' he said in a speech in new albany , indiana .
the bill bush vetoed tuesday includes about $ 150 billion to run those departments and more than $ 450 billion in mandatory spending on medicare and medicaid , the federal health care programs for the elderly and poor , according to the house appropriations committee . new albany , indiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush vetoed a $ 600 billion spending bill tuesday , accusing democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases , then took his budget fight with congress on the road .
the bill bush vetoed tuesday includes about $ 150 billion to run those departments and more than $ 450 billion in mandatory spending on medicare and medicaid , the federal health care programs for the elderly and poor , according to the house appropriations committee . `` the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility , but so far , it 's acting like a teenager with a new credit card , '' he said in a speech in new albany , indiana .
new albany , indiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush vetoed a $ 600 billion spending bill tuesday , accusing democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases , then took his budget fight with congress on the road . `` the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility , but so far , it 's acting like a teenager with a new credit card , '' he said in a speech in new albany , indiana .
nyon , switzerland -- celtic have been fined $ 50,800 by uefa and ac milan 's dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the brazilian goalkeeper in last week 's champions league match at celtic park . uefa 's control and disciplinary body found celtic guilty of charges of `` lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters '' , while dida was found to have breached uefa 's `` principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' .
nyon , switzerland -- celtic have been fined $ 50,800 by uefa and ac milan 's dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the brazilian goalkeeper in last week 's champions league match at celtic park . a fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute , soon after the home side scored their winning goal , and made what appeared to be minimal contact with dida .
nyon , switzerland -- celtic have been fined $ 50,800 by uefa and ac milan 's dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the brazilian goalkeeper in last week 's champions league match at celtic park . dida 's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment , with half of their fine suspended for two years .
nyon , switzerland -- celtic have been fined $ 50,800 by uefa and ac milan 's dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the brazilian goalkeeper in last week 's champions league match at celtic park . celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter , who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month .
uefa 's control and disciplinary body found celtic guilty of charges of `` lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters '' , while dida was found to have breached uefa 's `` principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . a fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute , soon after the home side scored their winning goal , and made what appeared to be minimal contact with dida .
uefa 's control and disciplinary body found celtic guilty of charges of `` lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters '' , while dida was found to have breached uefa 's `` principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . dida 's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment , with half of their fine suspended for two years .
uefa 's control and disciplinary body found celtic guilty of charges of `` lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters '' , while dida was found to have breached uefa 's `` principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter , who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month .
a fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute , soon after the home side scored their winning goal , and made what appeared to be minimal contact with dida . dida 's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment , with half of their fine suspended for two years .
a fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute , soon after the home side scored their winning goal , and made what appeared to be minimal contact with dida . celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter , who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month .
dida 's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment , with half of their fine suspended for two years . celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter , who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. first lady laura bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on myanmar 's military junta to `` step aside , '' give up the `` terror campaigns '' against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday 's wall street journal . myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on september 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. first lady laura bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on myanmar 's military junta to `` step aside , '' give up the `` terror campaigns '' against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday 's wall street journal . `` the rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic burma , '' bush said , in keeping with the u.s. policy of still using myanmar 's former name .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. first lady laura bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on myanmar 's military junta to `` step aside , '' give up the `` terror campaigns '' against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday 's wall street journal . the official death toll from myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late september , which were led by myanmar 's buddhist monks .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. first lady laura bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on myanmar 's military junta to `` step aside , '' give up the `` terror campaigns '' against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday 's wall street journal . `` we believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for aun sung suu kyi be improved -lsb- so -rsb- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , '' he said .
myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on september 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released . `` the rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic burma , '' bush said , in keeping with the u.s. policy of still using myanmar 's former name .
myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on september 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released . the official death toll from myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late september , which were led by myanmar 's buddhist monks .
myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on september 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released . `` we believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for aun sung suu kyi be improved -lsb- so -rsb- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , '' he said .
`` the rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic burma , '' bush said , in keeping with the u.s. policy of still using myanmar 's former name . the official death toll from myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late september , which were led by myanmar 's buddhist monks .
`` the rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic burma , '' bush said , in keeping with the u.s. policy of still using myanmar 's former name . `` we believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for aun sung suu kyi be improved -lsb- so -rsb- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , '' he said .
the official death toll from myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late september , which were led by myanmar 's buddhist monks . `` we believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for aun sung suu kyi be improved -lsb- so -rsb- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , '' he said .
with five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season , the republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all , trying to differentiate their views on immigration , the iraq war , abortion , gun control and even whether they believed every word in the bible was true . `` if people in this country are looking for someone who 's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they 're ever wrong , they 're going to have to find somebody else .
with five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season , the republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all , trying to differentiate their views on immigration , the iraq war , abortion , gun control and even whether they believed every word in the bible was true . his remarks came in response to the 30-second video produced for the debate by thompson 's campaign , which included a clip of romney expressing support for roe vs. wade during a 1994 debate against sen. ted kennedy .
with five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season , the republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all , trying to differentiate their views on immigration , the iraq war , abortion , gun control and even whether they believed every word in the bible was true . rep. tom tancredo , who has anchored his candidacy on securing the borders and cracking down on illegal immigration , seemed delighted with the give and take , saying the other candidates were trying to `` out-tancredo '' him .
with five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season , the republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all , trying to differentiate their views on immigration , the iraq war , abortion , gun control and even whether they believed every word in the bible was true . watch mccain , paul spar on iraq '' paul replied : `` the real question you have to ask is why do i get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ? ''
`` if people in this country are looking for someone who 's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they 're ever wrong , they 're going to have to find somebody else . his remarks came in response to the 30-second video produced for the debate by thompson 's campaign , which included a clip of romney expressing support for roe vs. wade during a 1994 debate against sen. ted kennedy .
`` if people in this country are looking for someone who 's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they 're ever wrong , they 're going to have to find somebody else . rep. tom tancredo , who has anchored his candidacy on securing the borders and cracking down on illegal immigration , seemed delighted with the give and take , saying the other candidates were trying to `` out-tancredo '' him .
`` if people in this country are looking for someone who 's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they 're ever wrong , they 're going to have to find somebody else . watch mccain , paul spar on iraq '' paul replied : `` the real question you have to ask is why do i get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ? ''
his remarks came in response to the 30-second video produced for the debate by thompson 's campaign , which included a clip of romney expressing support for roe vs. wade during a 1994 debate against sen. ted kennedy . rep. tom tancredo , who has anchored his candidacy on securing the borders and cracking down on illegal immigration , seemed delighted with the give and take , saying the other candidates were trying to `` out-tancredo '' him .
his remarks came in response to the 30-second video produced for the debate by thompson 's campaign , which included a clip of romney expressing support for roe vs. wade during a 1994 debate against sen. ted kennedy . watch mccain , paul spar on iraq '' paul replied : `` the real question you have to ask is why do i get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ? ''
rep. tom tancredo , who has anchored his candidacy on securing the borders and cracking down on illegal immigration , seemed delighted with the give and take , saying the other candidates were trying to `` out-tancredo '' him . watch mccain , paul spar on iraq '' paul replied : `` the real question you have to ask is why do i get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ? ''
denver , colorado -- a colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter 's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $ 10,000 on a security system , hired a bodyguard for his son 's wedding and never leaves home without a .45 - caliber handgun strapped to his chest . prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting javad fields ' personal information be kept secret , but it was n't signed by a judge until one year later , after defense lawyers had already given the suspects fields ' personal information , along with crucial trial documents .
denver , colorado -- a colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter 's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $ 10,000 on a security system , hired a bodyguard for his son 's wedding and never leaves home without a .45 - caliber handgun strapped to his chest . the man , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , says the state did nothing to protect him after the 1999 conviction of keith reynolds for domestic abuse -- even after prosecutors told him a hit had been put on his family .
denver , colorado -- a colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter 's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $ 10,000 on a security system , hired a bodyguard for his son 's wedding and never leaves home without a .45 - caliber handgun strapped to his chest . `` it 's not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public 's expense ; it 's a way to ensure the immediate safety of the witnesses , '' according to peter weir , executive director of the colorado department of public safety .
denver , colorado -- a colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter 's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $ 10,000 on a security system , hired a bodyguard for his son 's wedding and never leaves home without a .45 - caliber handgun strapped to his chest . when asked if prosecutors had made the family aware of colorado 's witness protection program , the witness in the reynolds case said , `` all they told us was maybe we should move . ''
prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting javad fields ' personal information be kept secret , but it was n't signed by a judge until one year later , after defense lawyers had already given the suspects fields ' personal information , along with crucial trial documents . the man , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , says the state did nothing to protect him after the 1999 conviction of keith reynolds for domestic abuse -- even after prosecutors told him a hit had been put on his family .
prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting javad fields ' personal information be kept secret , but it was n't signed by a judge until one year later , after defense lawyers had already given the suspects fields ' personal information , along with crucial trial documents . `` it 's not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public 's expense ; it 's a way to ensure the immediate safety of the witnesses , '' according to peter weir , executive director of the colorado department of public safety .
prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting javad fields ' personal information be kept secret , but it was n't signed by a judge until one year later , after defense lawyers had already given the suspects fields ' personal information , along with crucial trial documents . when asked if prosecutors had made the family aware of colorado 's witness protection program , the witness in the reynolds case said , `` all they told us was maybe we should move . ''
the man , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , says the state did nothing to protect him after the 1999 conviction of keith reynolds for domestic abuse -- even after prosecutors told him a hit had been put on his family . `` it 's not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public 's expense ; it 's a way to ensure the immediate safety of the witnesses , '' according to peter weir , executive director of the colorado department of public safety .
the man , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case , says the state did nothing to protect him after the 1999 conviction of keith reynolds for domestic abuse -- even after prosecutors told him a hit had been put on his family . when asked if prosecutors had made the family aware of colorado 's witness protection program , the witness in the reynolds case said , `` all they told us was maybe we should move . ''
`` it 's not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public 's expense ; it 's a way to ensure the immediate safety of the witnesses , '' according to peter weir , executive director of the colorado department of public safety . when asked if prosecutors had made the family aware of colorado 's witness protection program , the witness in the reynolds case said , `` all they told us was maybe we should move . ''
lt. matt cox , an austin fire department spokesman , said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early sunday after a trip into airman 's cave , about four miles south of the university 's campus . they were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave , which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers .
lt. matt cox , an austin fire department spokesman , said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early sunday after a trip into airman 's cave , about four miles south of the university 's campus . but cox said it would have been easy even for experienced cavers to get lost in airman 's , which he compared to the roots of a tree .
lt. matt cox , an austin fire department spokesman , said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early sunday after a trip into airman 's cave , about four miles south of the university 's campus . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- muddy but unhurt , three university of texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in austin , texas , after a day-long search sunday .
lt. matt cox , an austin fire department spokesman , said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early sunday after a trip into airman 's cave , about four miles south of the university 's campus . the group had told friends to call 911 if they were not back by midnight sunday , according to austin-travis county emergency medical services .
they were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave , which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers . but cox said it would have been easy even for experienced cavers to get lost in airman 's , which he compared to the roots of a tree .
they were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave , which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- muddy but unhurt , three university of texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in austin , texas , after a day-long search sunday .
they were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave , which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers . the group had told friends to call 911 if they were not back by midnight sunday , according to austin-travis county emergency medical services .
but cox said it would have been easy even for experienced cavers to get lost in airman 's , which he compared to the roots of a tree . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- muddy but unhurt , three university of texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in austin , texas , after a day-long search sunday .
but cox said it would have been easy even for experienced cavers to get lost in airman 's , which he compared to the roots of a tree . the group had told friends to call 911 if they were not back by midnight sunday , according to austin-travis county emergency medical services .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- muddy but unhurt , three university of texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in austin , texas , after a day-long search sunday . the group had told friends to call 911 if they were not back by midnight sunday , according to austin-travis county emergency medical services .
on saturday , the democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to president bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels `` have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the american people . '' `` there 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the democrats decided to play with it , '' white house press secretary dana perino said sunday in crawford , texas .
on saturday , the democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to president bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels `` have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the american people . '' `` key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , '' house speaker nancy pelosi , d-california , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said in the letter .
on saturday , the democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to president bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels `` have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the american people . '' washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the white house is blasting congressional democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by veterans day .
on saturday , the democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to president bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels `` have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the american people . '' congressional democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education .
`` there 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the democrats decided to play with it , '' white house press secretary dana perino said sunday in crawford , texas . `` key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , '' house speaker nancy pelosi , d-california , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said in the letter .
`` there 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the democrats decided to play with it , '' white house press secretary dana perino said sunday in crawford , texas . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the white house is blasting congressional democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by veterans day .
`` there 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the democrats decided to play with it , '' white house press secretary dana perino said sunday in crawford , texas . congressional democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education .
`` key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , '' house speaker nancy pelosi , d-california , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said in the letter . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the white house is blasting congressional democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by veterans day .
`` key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , '' house speaker nancy pelosi , d-california , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said in the letter . congressional democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the white house is blasting congressional democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by veterans day . congressional democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education .
in his friday speech , sanchez added that the `` surge '' of u.s. troops into iraq represents `` a desperate attempt by the administration that has not accepted the political and economic realities of this war . '' if that does not happen , he said , `` it will be incumbent upon us , as a nation , to devise a new political strategy to find a way forward or create a stable iraq . ''
in his friday speech , sanchez added that the `` surge '' of u.s. troops into iraq represents `` a desperate attempt by the administration that has not accepted the political and economic realities of this war . '' speaking with military reporters in virginia , sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial , but the politicians have not been held accountable .
in his friday speech , sanchez added that the `` surge '' of u.s. troops into iraq represents `` a desperate attempt by the administration that has not accepted the political and economic realities of this war . '' sanchez said it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty , but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired .
in his friday speech , sanchez added that the `` surge '' of u.s. troops into iraq represents `` a desperate attempt by the administration that has not accepted the political and economic realities of this war . '' even those iraqis who were happy to see saddam hussein toppled from power more than four years ago are not happy with the continuing u.s. presence , brzezinski said .
if that does not happen , he said , `` it will be incumbent upon us , as a nation , to devise a new political strategy to find a way forward or create a stable iraq . '' speaking with military reporters in virginia , sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial , but the politicians have not been held accountable .
if that does not happen , he said , `` it will be incumbent upon us , as a nation , to devise a new political strategy to find a way forward or create a stable iraq . '' sanchez said it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty , but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired .
if that does not happen , he said , `` it will be incumbent upon us , as a nation , to devise a new political strategy to find a way forward or create a stable iraq . '' even those iraqis who were happy to see saddam hussein toppled from power more than four years ago are not happy with the continuing u.s. presence , brzezinski said .
speaking with military reporters in virginia , sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial , but the politicians have not been held accountable . sanchez said it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty , but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired .
speaking with military reporters in virginia , sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial , but the politicians have not been held accountable . even those iraqis who were happy to see saddam hussein toppled from power more than four years ago are not happy with the continuing u.s. presence , brzezinski said .
sanchez said it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty , but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired . even those iraqis who were happy to see saddam hussein toppled from power more than four years ago are not happy with the continuing u.s. presence , brzezinski said .
meanwhile , england -- seeking to become the first nation to defend the world cup title -- revealed that star kicker jonny wilkinson again had problems with the match balls during the semifinal . `` we did n't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in marseille which jonny kicked , '' director of rugby rob andrew said .
meanwhile , england -- seeking to become the first nation to defend the world cup title -- revealed that star kicker jonny wilkinson again had problems with the match balls during the semifinal . in fact they were better than everyone , '' said laporte , who is leaving his role to take up the post of junior sports minister in the french government .
meanwhile , england -- seeking to become the first nation to defend the world cup title -- revealed that star kicker jonny wilkinson again had problems with the match balls during the semifinal . chabal started the match on the substitutes ' bench , but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured fabien pelous during hosts france 's 14-9 defeat .
meanwhile , england -- seeking to become the first nation to defend the world cup title -- revealed that star kicker jonny wilkinson again had problems with the match balls during the semifinal . paris , france -- france lock sebastien chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on england 's simon shaw during saturday 's world cup semifinal in paris .
`` we did n't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in marseille which jonny kicked , '' director of rugby rob andrew said . in fact they were better than everyone , '' said laporte , who is leaving his role to take up the post of junior sports minister in the french government .
`` we did n't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in marseille which jonny kicked , '' director of rugby rob andrew said . chabal started the match on the substitutes ' bench , but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured fabien pelous during hosts france 's 14-9 defeat .
`` we did n't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in marseille which jonny kicked , '' director of rugby rob andrew said . paris , france -- france lock sebastien chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on england 's simon shaw during saturday 's world cup semifinal in paris .
in fact they were better than everyone , '' said laporte , who is leaving his role to take up the post of junior sports minister in the french government . chabal started the match on the substitutes ' bench , but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured fabien pelous during hosts france 's 14-9 defeat .
in fact they were better than everyone , '' said laporte , who is leaving his role to take up the post of junior sports minister in the french government . paris , france -- france lock sebastien chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on england 's simon shaw during saturday 's world cup semifinal in paris .
chabal started the match on the substitutes ' bench , but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured fabien pelous during hosts france 's 14-9 defeat . paris , france -- france lock sebastien chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on england 's simon shaw during saturday 's world cup semifinal in paris .
last month , the u.s.-led coalition launched operation lion 's paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the islamic holy month of ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the shiite-led government . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- none of the 1,000-plus iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency , according to the marine general who oversees the u.s. detention centers in iraq .
last month , the u.s.-led coalition launched operation lion 's paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the islamic holy month of ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the shiite-led government . the u.s. detention centers -- at camp bucca near the southern port city of basra and in camp cropper near baghdad -- are political sore points for sunnis , who make up 83 percent of the detainees held .
last month , the u.s.-led coalition launched operation lion 's paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the islamic holy month of ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the shiite-led government . speaking in arabic , maj. gen. doug stone on wednesday reassured iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency .
last month , the u.s.-led coalition launched operation lion 's paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the islamic holy month of ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the shiite-led government . `` i am pleased to tell you that in the more 1,000 that have gone through this program and taken the pledge , not one has returned to threaten iraqi or coalition forces . ''
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- none of the 1,000-plus iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency , according to the marine general who oversees the u.s. detention centers in iraq . the u.s. detention centers -- at camp bucca near the southern port city of basra and in camp cropper near baghdad -- are political sore points for sunnis , who make up 83 percent of the detainees held .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- none of the 1,000-plus iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency , according to the marine general who oversees the u.s. detention centers in iraq . speaking in arabic , maj. gen. doug stone on wednesday reassured iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- none of the 1,000-plus iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency , according to the marine general who oversees the u.s. detention centers in iraq . `` i am pleased to tell you that in the more 1,000 that have gone through this program and taken the pledge , not one has returned to threaten iraqi or coalition forces . ''
the u.s. detention centers -- at camp bucca near the southern port city of basra and in camp cropper near baghdad -- are political sore points for sunnis , who make up 83 percent of the detainees held . speaking in arabic , maj. gen. doug stone on wednesday reassured iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency .
the u.s. detention centers -- at camp bucca near the southern port city of basra and in camp cropper near baghdad -- are political sore points for sunnis , who make up 83 percent of the detainees held . `` i am pleased to tell you that in the more 1,000 that have gone through this program and taken the pledge , not one has returned to threaten iraqi or coalition forces . ''
speaking in arabic , maj. gen. doug stone on wednesday reassured iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency . `` i am pleased to tell you that in the more 1,000 that have gone through this program and taken the pledge , not one has returned to threaten iraqi or coalition forces . ''
on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . fayed 's father , mohammed al fayed , has contended from the start that diana and his son were murdered because the royal family `` could not accept that an egyptian muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of england , '' referring to diana 's son prince william .
on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . watch footage of diana 's last hours '' baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory .
on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate `` one way or the other '' whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy .
on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . `` you have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , '' baker said , according to inquest transcripts .
fayed 's father , mohammed al fayed , has contended from the start that diana and his son were murdered because the royal family `` could not accept that an egyptian muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of england , '' referring to diana 's son prince william . watch footage of diana 's last hours '' baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory .
fayed 's father , mohammed al fayed , has contended from the start that diana and his son were murdered because the royal family `` could not accept that an egyptian muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of england , '' referring to diana 's son prince william . lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate `` one way or the other '' whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy .
fayed 's father , mohammed al fayed , has contended from the start that diana and his son were murdered because the royal family `` could not accept that an egyptian muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of england , '' referring to diana 's son prince william . `` you have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , '' baker said , according to inquest transcripts .
watch footage of diana 's last hours '' baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory . lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate `` one way or the other '' whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy .
watch footage of diana 's last hours '' baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory . `` you have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , '' baker said , according to inquest transcripts .
lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate `` one way or the other '' whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy . `` you have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , '' baker said , according to inquest transcripts .
jacksonville , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- four people were killed and several injured after an explosion wednesday at a chemical plant sent a thick plume of smoke over a section of jacksonville , authorities said . higginbotham , an insurance salesman , and his neighbor ran outside and noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the st. johns river , which separates his neighborhood from the site of the blast .
jacksonville , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- four people were killed and several injured after an explosion wednesday at a chemical plant sent a thick plume of smoke over a section of jacksonville , authorities said . a woman who answered the t2 lab 's 24-hour facility emergency phone said the plant manufactures ecotane , a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions , according to the laboratory 's web site .
jacksonville , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- four people were killed and several injured after an explosion wednesday at a chemical plant sent a thick plume of smoke over a section of jacksonville , authorities said . antonio padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son , who works in a plant in the area , but was having no luck reaching him on his cell phone .
jacksonville , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- four people were killed and several injured after an explosion wednesday at a chemical plant sent a thick plume of smoke over a section of jacksonville , authorities said . officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses , but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity , francis said .
higginbotham , an insurance salesman , and his neighbor ran outside and noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the st. johns river , which separates his neighborhood from the site of the blast . a woman who answered the t2 lab 's 24-hour facility emergency phone said the plant manufactures ecotane , a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions , according to the laboratory 's web site .
higginbotham , an insurance salesman , and his neighbor ran outside and noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the st. johns river , which separates his neighborhood from the site of the blast . antonio padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son , who works in a plant in the area , but was having no luck reaching him on his cell phone .
higginbotham , an insurance salesman , and his neighbor ran outside and noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the st. johns river , which separates his neighborhood from the site of the blast . officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses , but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity , francis said .
a woman who answered the t2 lab 's 24-hour facility emergency phone said the plant manufactures ecotane , a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions , according to the laboratory 's web site . antonio padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son , who works in a plant in the area , but was having no luck reaching him on his cell phone .
a woman who answered the t2 lab 's 24-hour facility emergency phone said the plant manufactures ecotane , a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions , according to the laboratory 's web site . officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses , but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity , francis said .
antonio padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son , who works in a plant in the area , but was having no luck reaching him on his cell phone . officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses , but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity , francis said .
winkler received a three-year sentence , but a judge required her to serve only 210 days , gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the tennessee supreme court on wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing mary winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters .
winkler received a three-year sentence , but a judge required her to serve only 210 days , gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility . she said during a september appearance on the `` oprah winfrey show '' that she never expected to get away with killing her husband , but that she fled to be with her daughters and `` have some good times . ''
winkler received a three-year sentence , but a judge required her to serve only 210 days , gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility . charles and diane winkler , parents of slain minister matthew winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke mary winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor .
winkler received a three-year sentence , but a judge required her to serve only 210 days , gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility . the court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem appointed to represent the children 's interests and supervised by members of the couple winkler is living with or by her sister .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the tennessee supreme court on wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing mary winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters . she said during a september appearance on the `` oprah winfrey show '' that she never expected to get away with killing her husband , but that she fled to be with her daughters and `` have some good times . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the tennessee supreme court on wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing mary winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters . charles and diane winkler , parents of slain minister matthew winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke mary winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the tennessee supreme court on wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing mary winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters . the court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem appointed to represent the children 's interests and supervised by members of the couple winkler is living with or by her sister .
she said during a september appearance on the `` oprah winfrey show '' that she never expected to get away with killing her husband , but that she fled to be with her daughters and `` have some good times . '' charles and diane winkler , parents of slain minister matthew winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke mary winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor .
she said during a september appearance on the `` oprah winfrey show '' that she never expected to get away with killing her husband , but that she fled to be with her daughters and `` have some good times . '' the court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem appointed to represent the children 's interests and supervised by members of the couple winkler is living with or by her sister .
charles and diane winkler , parents of slain minister matthew winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke mary winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor . the court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem appointed to represent the children 's interests and supervised by members of the couple winkler is living with or by her sister .
lahore , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two pakistani television networks that transmit from dubai in united arab emirates were ordered off the air friday at the request of pakistani president pervez musharraf , officials from the networks said . both networks had been banned from pakistan 's cable television system -- along with other networks , including cnn and bbc -- since musharraf declared a state of emergency on november 3 .
lahore , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two pakistani television networks that transmit from dubai in united arab emirates were ordered off the air friday at the request of pakistani president pervez musharraf , officials from the networks said . opposition leaders have accused musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in october .
lahore , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two pakistani television networks that transmit from dubai in united arab emirates were ordered off the air friday at the request of pakistani president pervez musharraf , officials from the networks said . journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they `` ridicule '' members of the government or armed forces .
lahore , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two pakistani television networks that transmit from dubai in united arab emirates were ordered off the air friday at the request of pakistani president pervez musharraf , officials from the networks said . musharraf has said the emergency order improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections , which he has said he would like to see take place before january 9 .
both networks had been banned from pakistan 's cable television system -- along with other networks , including cnn and bbc -- since musharraf declared a state of emergency on november 3 . opposition leaders have accused musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in october .
both networks had been banned from pakistan 's cable television system -- along with other networks , including cnn and bbc -- since musharraf declared a state of emergency on november 3 . journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they `` ridicule '' members of the government or armed forces .
both networks had been banned from pakistan 's cable television system -- along with other networks , including cnn and bbc -- since musharraf declared a state of emergency on november 3 . musharraf has said the emergency order improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections , which he has said he would like to see take place before january 9 .
opposition leaders have accused musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in october . journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they `` ridicule '' members of the government or armed forces .
opposition leaders have accused musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in october . musharraf has said the emergency order improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections , which he has said he would like to see take place before january 9 .
journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they `` ridicule '' members of the government or armed forces . musharraf has said the emergency order improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections , which he has said he would like to see take place before january 9 .
dallas , texas -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- if you turn to the bible -- isaiah chapter 35 , verse 8 -- you will see a passage that in part says , `` a highway shall be there , and a road , and it shall be called the highway of holiness . '' jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history , such as the bridge collapse on i-35 in minneapolis last august and the assassination of jfk 44 years ago near i-35 in dallas .
dallas , texas -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- if you turn to the bible -- isaiah chapter 35 , verse 8 -- you will see a passage that in part says , `` a highway shall be there , and a road , and it shall be called the highway of holiness . '' now , it 's only fair to say most people , the religious and the non-religious alike , do n't buy any of this , but none more than the owners of some of the adult businesses along i-35 .
dallas , texas -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- if you turn to the bible -- isaiah chapter 35 , verse 8 -- you will see a passage that in part says , `` a highway shall be there , and a road , and it shall be called the highway of holiness . '' she says she ca n't be sure interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after `` once again reading isaiah , chapter 35 . ''
dallas , texas -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- if you turn to the bible -- isaiah chapter 35 , verse 8 -- you will see a passage that in part says , `` a highway shall be there , and a road , and it shall be called the highway of holiness . '' it was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to texas , the southernmost state in the i-35 corridor , to do a story about a prayer campaign called `` light the highway . ''
jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history , such as the bridge collapse on i-35 in minneapolis last august and the assassination of jfk 44 years ago near i-35 in dallas . now , it 's only fair to say most people , the religious and the non-religious alike , do n't buy any of this , but none more than the owners of some of the adult businesses along i-35 .
jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history , such as the bridge collapse on i-35 in minneapolis last august and the assassination of jfk 44 years ago near i-35 in dallas . she says she ca n't be sure interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after `` once again reading isaiah , chapter 35 . ''
jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history , such as the bridge collapse on i-35 in minneapolis last august and the assassination of jfk 44 years ago near i-35 in dallas . it was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to texas , the southernmost state in the i-35 corridor , to do a story about a prayer campaign called `` light the highway . ''
now , it 's only fair to say most people , the religious and the non-religious alike , do n't buy any of this , but none more than the owners of some of the adult businesses along i-35 . she says she ca n't be sure interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after `` once again reading isaiah , chapter 35 . ''
now , it 's only fair to say most people , the religious and the non-religious alike , do n't buy any of this , but none more than the owners of some of the adult businesses along i-35 . it was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to texas , the southernmost state in the i-35 corridor , to do a story about a prayer campaign called `` light the highway . ''
she says she ca n't be sure interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after `` once again reading isaiah , chapter 35 . '' it was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to texas , the southernmost state in the i-35 corridor , to do a story about a prayer campaign called `` light the highway . ''
see how the rates have dropped '' the justices placed a moratorium on executions in late september , when they decided to review a kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal `` cocktail '' of chemicals represents `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort . `` i think the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in those urban jurisdictions , '' said kent scheidegger of the sacramento-based criminal justice legal foundation .
see how the rates have dropped '' the justices placed a moratorium on executions in late september , when they decided to review a kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal `` cocktail '' of chemicals represents `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort . the supreme court on january 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from louisiana inmate patrick kennedy , sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter .
see how the rates have dropped '' the justices placed a moratorium on executions in late september , when they decided to review a kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal `` cocktail '' of chemicals represents `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort . the justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape , but 19 years later , louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 .
see how the rates have dropped '' the justices placed a moratorium on executions in late september , when they decided to review a kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal `` cocktail '' of chemicals represents `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a day after new jersey banned executions , newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low .
`` i think the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in those urban jurisdictions , '' said kent scheidegger of the sacramento-based criminal justice legal foundation . the supreme court on january 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from louisiana inmate patrick kennedy , sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter .
`` i think the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in those urban jurisdictions , '' said kent scheidegger of the sacramento-based criminal justice legal foundation . the justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape , but 19 years later , louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 .
`` i think the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in those urban jurisdictions , '' said kent scheidegger of the sacramento-based criminal justice legal foundation . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a day after new jersey banned executions , newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low .
the supreme court on january 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from louisiana inmate patrick kennedy , sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter . the justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape , but 19 years later , louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 .
the supreme court on january 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from louisiana inmate patrick kennedy , sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a day after new jersey banned executions , newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low .
the justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape , but 19 years later , louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12 . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a day after new jersey banned executions , newly released figures show that capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low .
the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes . in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report .
the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes . but chavez , who was in cuba on monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela 's 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty .
the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes . taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that do n't come from cane sugar have been raised $ 1.79 -lrb- 3,838 bolivares -rrb- per liter , the government-run bolivarian news agency said .
the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes . `` the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , '' said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence .
in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report . but chavez , who was in cuba on monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela 's 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty .
in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report . taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that do n't come from cane sugar have been raised $ 1.79 -lrb- 3,838 bolivares -rrb- per liter , the government-run bolivarian news agency said .
in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report . `` the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , '' said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence .
but chavez , who was in cuba on monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela 's 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty . taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that do n't come from cane sugar have been raised $ 1.79 -lrb- 3,838 bolivares -rrb- per liter , the government-run bolivarian news agency said .
but chavez , who was in cuba on monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela 's 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty . `` the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , '' said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence .
taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that do n't come from cane sugar have been raised $ 1.79 -lrb- 3,838 bolivares -rrb- per liter , the government-run bolivarian news agency said . `` the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , '' said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence .
na : i think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise , we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations ; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country . na : i think with the expertise that we have and with the strength that we have , we would like to showcase the strength of the people of qatar and we want to pull the flag of the state of qatar even across the atlantic and we are determined to do so .
na : i think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise , we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations ; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country . famous for its purchase of london 's chelsea barracks , qatari diar was established in 2004 by the qatar investment authority , to support qatar 's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country 's real estate development priorities .
na : i think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise , we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations ; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country . na : although we have this and we are fortunate with this , qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from its natural resources to other investment opportunities and one of them is qatari diar .
na : i think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise , we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations ; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country . al ansari is a graduate from the university of miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as new doha international airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization .
na : i think with the expertise that we have and with the strength that we have , we would like to showcase the strength of the people of qatar and we want to pull the flag of the state of qatar even across the atlantic and we are determined to do so . famous for its purchase of london 's chelsea barracks , qatari diar was established in 2004 by the qatar investment authority , to support qatar 's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country 's real estate development priorities .
na : i think with the expertise that we have and with the strength that we have , we would like to showcase the strength of the people of qatar and we want to pull the flag of the state of qatar even across the atlantic and we are determined to do so . na : although we have this and we are fortunate with this , qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from its natural resources to other investment opportunities and one of them is qatari diar .
na : i think with the expertise that we have and with the strength that we have , we would like to showcase the strength of the people of qatar and we want to pull the flag of the state of qatar even across the atlantic and we are determined to do so . al ansari is a graduate from the university of miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as new doha international airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization .
famous for its purchase of london 's chelsea barracks , qatari diar was established in 2004 by the qatar investment authority , to support qatar 's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country 's real estate development priorities . na : although we have this and we are fortunate with this , qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from its natural resources to other investment opportunities and one of them is qatari diar .
famous for its purchase of london 's chelsea barracks , qatari diar was established in 2004 by the qatar investment authority , to support qatar 's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country 's real estate development priorities . al ansari is a graduate from the university of miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as new doha international airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization .
na : although we have this and we are fortunate with this , qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from its natural resources to other investment opportunities and one of them is qatari diar . al ansari is a graduate from the university of miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as new doha international airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization .
watch gupta explain the solutions proposed at the fit nation summit '' clinton , who 's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his alliance for a healthier generation , stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together . michael jacobson , director of the center for science in the public interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods , stressed that the food and drug administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments .
watch gupta explain the solutions proposed at the fit nation summit '' clinton , who 's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his alliance for a healthier generation , stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together . gupta , clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches , elimination of trans fats , the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity .
watch gupta explain the solutions proposed at the fit nation summit '' clinton , who 's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his alliance for a healthier generation , stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together . however , dr. robert eckel , former president of the american heart association , warned , `` although we support the removal of trans fats , our biggest concern is what they 'll be replaced with .
watch gupta explain the solutions proposed at the fit nation summit '' clinton , who 's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his alliance for a healthier generation , stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together . trans fats , at one time , thought to be good fat substitutes , over the years have been shown to raise ldl or bad cholesterol in people and lower their hdl , or good cholesterol .
michael jacobson , director of the center for science in the public interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods , stressed that the food and drug administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments . gupta , clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches , elimination of trans fats , the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity .
michael jacobson , director of the center for science in the public interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods , stressed that the food and drug administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments . however , dr. robert eckel , former president of the american heart association , warned , `` although we support the removal of trans fats , our biggest concern is what they 'll be replaced with .
michael jacobson , director of the center for science in the public interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods , stressed that the food and drug administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments . trans fats , at one time , thought to be good fat substitutes , over the years have been shown to raise ldl or bad cholesterol in people and lower their hdl , or good cholesterol .
gupta , clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches , elimination of trans fats , the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity . however , dr. robert eckel , former president of the american heart association , warned , `` although we support the removal of trans fats , our biggest concern is what they 'll be replaced with .
gupta , clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches , elimination of trans fats , the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity . trans fats , at one time , thought to be good fat substitutes , over the years have been shown to raise ldl or bad cholesterol in people and lower their hdl , or good cholesterol .
however , dr. robert eckel , former president of the american heart association , warned , `` although we support the removal of trans fats , our biggest concern is what they 'll be replaced with . trans fats , at one time , thought to be good fat substitutes , over the years have been shown to raise ldl or bad cholesterol in people and lower their hdl , or good cholesterol .
singh 's innings ended on 58 -- from 16 balls -- when he hit a full-toss from andrew flintoff to captain collingwood at long-on from the penultimate delivery of the final over , in which he also cleared the boundary ropes once . he had shane bond caught by boucher , and then almost became the first twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets when his penultimate delivery -- which clean bowled gillespie -- was declared a no-ball by umpire billy doctrove .
singh 's innings ended on 58 -- from 16 balls -- when he hit a full-toss from andrew flintoff to captain collingwood at long-on from the penultimate delivery of the final over , in which he also cleared the boundary ropes once . morkel , who ended with figures of 4-17 off four overs , then removed ross taylor -lrb- 1 -rrb- two runs later and later bowled the dangerous jacob oram for a quickfire 15 .
singh 's innings ended on 58 -- from 16 balls -- when he hit a full-toss from andrew flintoff to captain collingwood at long-on from the penultimate delivery of the final over , in which he also cleared the boundary ropes once . south africa 's herschelle gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over world cup in the west indies earlier this year , while sir garfield sobers and ravi shastri achieved it in first-class matches .
singh 's innings ended on 58 -- from 16 balls -- when he hit a full-toss from andrew flintoff to captain collingwood at long-on from the penultimate delivery of the final over , in which he also cleared the boundary ropes once . the left-hander 's six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by stuart broad made him the first player to do so in twenty20 matches and just the fourth in all senior cricket .
he had shane bond caught by boucher , and then almost became the first twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets when his penultimate delivery -- which clean bowled gillespie -- was declared a no-ball by umpire billy doctrove . morkel , who ended with figures of 4-17 off four overs , then removed ross taylor -lrb- 1 -rrb- two runs later and later bowled the dangerous jacob oram for a quickfire 15 .
he had shane bond caught by boucher , and then almost became the first twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets when his penultimate delivery -- which clean bowled gillespie -- was declared a no-ball by umpire billy doctrove . south africa 's herschelle gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over world cup in the west indies earlier this year , while sir garfield sobers and ravi shastri achieved it in first-class matches .
he had shane bond caught by boucher , and then almost became the first twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets when his penultimate delivery -- which clean bowled gillespie -- was declared a no-ball by umpire billy doctrove . the left-hander 's six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by stuart broad made him the first player to do so in twenty20 matches and just the fourth in all senior cricket .
morkel , who ended with figures of 4-17 off four overs , then removed ross taylor -lrb- 1 -rrb- two runs later and later bowled the dangerous jacob oram for a quickfire 15 . south africa 's herschelle gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over world cup in the west indies earlier this year , while sir garfield sobers and ravi shastri achieved it in first-class matches .
morkel , who ended with figures of 4-17 off four overs , then removed ross taylor -lrb- 1 -rrb- two runs later and later bowled the dangerous jacob oram for a quickfire 15 . the left-hander 's six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by stuart broad made him the first player to do so in twenty20 matches and just the fourth in all senior cricket .
south africa 's herschelle gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over world cup in the west indies earlier this year , while sir garfield sobers and ravi shastri achieved it in first-class matches . the left-hander 's six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by stuart broad made him the first player to do so in twenty20 matches and just the fourth in all senior cricket .
gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of iraq , testified before a house judiciary committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas . lt. col. margaret stock , a member of the u.s. army reserves who teaches immigration law at the u.s. military academy at west point , new york , said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members .
gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of iraq , testified before a house judiciary committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas . `` what 's happening right now is , because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws , we 've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home , '' she said .
gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of iraq , testified before a house judiciary committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas . `` i like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back i 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , '' he said .
gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of iraq , testified before a house judiciary committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas . `` i understand the laws have to be followed and guidelines and a system must be maintained , but on the other token , there are times when the situation is just out of their reach , '' gonzalez said .
lt. col. margaret stock , a member of the u.s. army reserves who teaches immigration law at the u.s. military academy at west point , new york , said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members . `` what 's happening right now is , because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws , we 've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home , '' she said .
lt. col. margaret stock , a member of the u.s. army reserves who teaches immigration law at the u.s. military academy at west point , new york , said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members . `` i like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back i 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , '' he said .
lt. col. margaret stock , a member of the u.s. army reserves who teaches immigration law at the u.s. military academy at west point , new york , said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members . `` i understand the laws have to be followed and guidelines and a system must be maintained , but on the other token , there are times when the situation is just out of their reach , '' gonzalez said .
`` what 's happening right now is , because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws , we 've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home , '' she said . `` i like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back i 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , '' he said .
`` what 's happening right now is , because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws , we 've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home , '' she said . `` i understand the laws have to be followed and guidelines and a system must be maintained , but on the other token , there are times when the situation is just out of their reach , '' gonzalez said .
`` i like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back i 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , '' he said . `` i understand the laws have to be followed and guidelines and a system must be maintained , but on the other token , there are times when the situation is just out of their reach , '' gonzalez said .
after the interval , the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of dutch coach dick advocaat . russian international striker roman pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix - up in the dynamo defence .
after the interval , the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of dutch coach dick advocaat . zenit went ahead in the 15th minute when radek sirl 's shot from the edge of the box deflected off a ramenskoye defender and beat goalkeeper antonin kinski .
after the interval , the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of dutch coach dick advocaat . moscow , russia -- zenit saint petersburg have clinched their first russian title in the post-soviet union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at ramenskoye on sunday .
after the interval , the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of dutch coach dick advocaat . the win means zenit finish top of the table with 61 points , two points ahead of second-placed spartak moscow , who beat city rivals dynamo 2-1 .
russian international striker roman pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix - up in the dynamo defence . zenit went ahead in the 15th minute when radek sirl 's shot from the edge of the box deflected off a ramenskoye defender and beat goalkeeper antonin kinski .
russian international striker roman pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix - up in the dynamo defence . moscow , russia -- zenit saint petersburg have clinched their first russian title in the post-soviet union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at ramenskoye on sunday .
russian international striker roman pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix - up in the dynamo defence . the win means zenit finish top of the table with 61 points , two points ahead of second-placed spartak moscow , who beat city rivals dynamo 2-1 .
zenit went ahead in the 15th minute when radek sirl 's shot from the edge of the box deflected off a ramenskoye defender and beat goalkeeper antonin kinski . moscow , russia -- zenit saint petersburg have clinched their first russian title in the post-soviet union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at ramenskoye on sunday .
zenit went ahead in the 15th minute when radek sirl 's shot from the edge of the box deflected off a ramenskoye defender and beat goalkeeper antonin kinski . the win means zenit finish top of the table with 61 points , two points ahead of second-placed spartak moscow , who beat city rivals dynamo 2-1 .
moscow , russia -- zenit saint petersburg have clinched their first russian title in the post-soviet union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at ramenskoye on sunday . the win means zenit finish top of the table with 61 points , two points ahead of second-placed spartak moscow , who beat city rivals dynamo 2-1 .
one very distinctive connection from the louvre atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the louvre , bartolom esteban murillo 's `` the beggar boy '' of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in western art 's modern history . his colleagues timothy standring of denver and ann dumas of london , england , have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions , glimpses of old world craft from titian and velasquez to fragonard and rubens -- and the `` moderns '' who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate .
one very distinctive connection from the louvre atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the louvre , bartolom esteban murillo 's `` the beggar boy '' of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in western art 's modern history . from the outset , visitors to `` inspiring impressionism '' are reminded of the louvre treasures all around them at the high : the impressionism show 's entry gallery is flanked by a handsome photographic treatment of louis jules arnout 's `` view of the grand gallery at the louvre '' from between 1850 and 1870 .
one very distinctive connection from the louvre atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the louvre , bartolom esteban murillo 's `` the beggar boy '' of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in western art 's modern history . in fact , even older-era echoes of this same concept are encountered on looking at louvre atlanta 's `` the tiber '' marble from the first century a.d. , you 're reminded that michelangelo himself was aware of that piece , influenced by it , presumably inspired by it .
one very distinctive connection from the louvre atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the louvre , bartolom esteban murillo 's `` the beggar boy '' of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in western art 's modern history . so a surprise symmetry takes shape at the high this fall , as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums -lrb- the louvre , the high , denver , seattle -rrb- , the viewers of art in europe and the united states , and the artists themselves in france , in the u.s. and elsewhere .
his colleagues timothy standring of denver and ann dumas of london , england , have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions , glimpses of old world craft from titian and velasquez to fragonard and rubens -- and the `` moderns '' who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate . from the outset , visitors to `` inspiring impressionism '' are reminded of the louvre treasures all around them at the high : the impressionism show 's entry gallery is flanked by a handsome photographic treatment of louis jules arnout 's `` view of the grand gallery at the louvre '' from between 1850 and 1870 .
his colleagues timothy standring of denver and ann dumas of london , england , have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions , glimpses of old world craft from titian and velasquez to fragonard and rubens -- and the `` moderns '' who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate . in fact , even older-era echoes of this same concept are encountered on looking at louvre atlanta 's `` the tiber '' marble from the first century a.d. , you 're reminded that michelangelo himself was aware of that piece , influenced by it , presumably inspired by it .
his colleagues timothy standring of denver and ann dumas of london , england , have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions , glimpses of old world craft from titian and velasquez to fragonard and rubens -- and the `` moderns '' who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate . so a surprise symmetry takes shape at the high this fall , as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums -lrb- the louvre , the high , denver , seattle -rrb- , the viewers of art in europe and the united states , and the artists themselves in france , in the u.s. and elsewhere .
from the outset , visitors to `` inspiring impressionism '' are reminded of the louvre treasures all around them at the high : the impressionism show 's entry gallery is flanked by a handsome photographic treatment of louis jules arnout 's `` view of the grand gallery at the louvre '' from between 1850 and 1870 . in fact , even older-era echoes of this same concept are encountered on looking at louvre atlanta 's `` the tiber '' marble from the first century a.d. , you 're reminded that michelangelo himself was aware of that piece , influenced by it , presumably inspired by it .
from the outset , visitors to `` inspiring impressionism '' are reminded of the louvre treasures all around them at the high : the impressionism show 's entry gallery is flanked by a handsome photographic treatment of louis jules arnout 's `` view of the grand gallery at the louvre '' from between 1850 and 1870 . so a surprise symmetry takes shape at the high this fall , as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums -lrb- the louvre , the high , denver , seattle -rrb- , the viewers of art in europe and the united states , and the artists themselves in france , in the u.s. and elsewhere .
in fact , even older-era echoes of this same concept are encountered on looking at louvre atlanta 's `` the tiber '' marble from the first century a.d. , you 're reminded that michelangelo himself was aware of that piece , influenced by it , presumably inspired by it . so a surprise symmetry takes shape at the high this fall , as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums -lrb- the louvre , the high , denver , seattle -rrb- , the viewers of art in europe and the united states , and the artists themselves in france , in the u.s. and elsewhere .
stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14 , sommermeyer said , adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on october 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape , including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault . henderson police officer mike dye said he pulled over stiles ' car monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired california driver 's license with a photo that did not look like him .
stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14 , sommermeyer said , adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on october 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape , including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault . stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was turned over to las vegas metropolitan police and booked into the jail in clark county , where he had been sought in connection with the videotape , which shows a girl being sexually assaulted .
stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14 , sommermeyer said , adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on october 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape , including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in las vegas , nevada , will make his initial appearance in court friday , a clark county , nevada , court official told cnn tuesday .
stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14 , sommermeyer said , adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on october 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape , including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
henderson police officer mike dye said he pulled over stiles ' car monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired california driver 's license with a photo that did not look like him . stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was turned over to las vegas metropolitan police and booked into the jail in clark county , where he had been sought in connection with the videotape , which shows a girl being sexually assaulted .
henderson police officer mike dye said he pulled over stiles ' car monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired california driver 's license with a photo that did not look like him . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in las vegas , nevada , will make his initial appearance in court friday , a clark county , nevada , court official told cnn tuesday .
henderson police officer mike dye said he pulled over stiles ' car monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired california driver 's license with a photo that did not look like him . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was turned over to las vegas metropolitan police and booked into the jail in clark county , where he had been sought in connection with the videotape , which shows a girl being sexually assaulted . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in las vegas , nevada , will make his initial appearance in court friday , a clark county , nevada , court official told cnn tuesday .
stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was turned over to las vegas metropolitan police and booked into the jail in clark county , where he had been sought in connection with the videotape , which shows a girl being sexually assaulted . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in las vegas , nevada , will make his initial appearance in court friday , a clark county , nevada , court official told cnn tuesday . thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a `` weapons enthusiast '' with only a minor criminal record .
strachan , who confirmed he is hoping to sign brazilian defender coelho next month , said : `` we need to cut out the silly mistakes because if you look at some of the goals we have let in away from home this season , they are silly mistakes . third-placed motherwell missed the chance to move above rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by falkirk , who climbed to ninth with two goals in the second half to michael higdon and then another from patrick clegg on 65 minutes .
strachan , who confirmed he is hoping to sign brazilian defender coelho next month , said : `` we need to cut out the silly mistakes because if you look at some of the goals we have let in away from home this season , they are silly mistakes . the visitors led through russell duncan after 22 minutes and john rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before christophe berra pulled one back on 62 and lithuanian striker andrius velicka leveled from the spot -lrb- 90 -rrb- .
strachan , who confirmed he is hoping to sign brazilian defender coelho next month , said : `` we need to cut out the silly mistakes because if you look at some of the goals we have let in away from home this season , they are silly mistakes . substitute jiri jarosik rescued celtic from a first home spl defeat this season in the 78th minute after being teed up by jan vennegoor of hesselink , who then headed against the post with two minutes to play .
strachan , who confirmed he is hoping to sign brazilian defender coelho next month , said : `` we need to cut out the silly mistakes because if you look at some of the goals we have let in away from home this season , they are silly mistakes . visiting hibernian , whose manager john collins surprisingly resigned on thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the edinburgh side 's board , took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back david murphy .
third-placed motherwell missed the chance to move above rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by falkirk , who climbed to ninth with two goals in the second half to michael higdon and then another from patrick clegg on 65 minutes . the visitors led through russell duncan after 22 minutes and john rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before christophe berra pulled one back on 62 and lithuanian striker andrius velicka leveled from the spot -lrb- 90 -rrb- .
third-placed motherwell missed the chance to move above rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by falkirk , who climbed to ninth with two goals in the second half to michael higdon and then another from patrick clegg on 65 minutes . substitute jiri jarosik rescued celtic from a first home spl defeat this season in the 78th minute after being teed up by jan vennegoor of hesselink , who then headed against the post with two minutes to play .
third-placed motherwell missed the chance to move above rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by falkirk , who climbed to ninth with two goals in the second half to michael higdon and then another from patrick clegg on 65 minutes . visiting hibernian , whose manager john collins surprisingly resigned on thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the edinburgh side 's board , took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back david murphy .
the visitors led through russell duncan after 22 minutes and john rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before christophe berra pulled one back on 62 and lithuanian striker andrius velicka leveled from the spot -lrb- 90 -rrb- . substitute jiri jarosik rescued celtic from a first home spl defeat this season in the 78th minute after being teed up by jan vennegoor of hesselink , who then headed against the post with two minutes to play .
the visitors led through russell duncan after 22 minutes and john rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before christophe berra pulled one back on 62 and lithuanian striker andrius velicka leveled from the spot -lrb- 90 -rrb- . visiting hibernian , whose manager john collins surprisingly resigned on thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the edinburgh side 's board , took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back david murphy .
substitute jiri jarosik rescued celtic from a first home spl defeat this season in the 78th minute after being teed up by jan vennegoor of hesselink , who then headed against the post with two minutes to play . visiting hibernian , whose manager john collins surprisingly resigned on thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the edinburgh side 's board , took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back david murphy .
`` i call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any iraq measure without a firm , enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from iraq , '' dodd said . `` you know , we are going to have to evaluate what 's available , but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise , short of congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable , and , absent that , we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there , '' obama told cnn .
`` i call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any iraq measure without a firm , enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from iraq , '' dodd said . in a prepared statement , edwards , a democrat from north carolina , said obama , clinton and republican sen. john warner of virginia , who recently called for a withdrawal to begin by christmas , have `` a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them , including a filibuster , to force the president to change course . ''
`` i call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any iraq measure without a firm , enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from iraq , '' dodd said . `` we are in the same levels of violence ; we are at the same levels of dysfunctional when it comes to the government in iraq , and the american people at some point have a right to ask from their leadership in washington and from the president : when is enough enough ? ''
`` i call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any iraq measure without a firm , enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from iraq , '' dodd said . `` sen. obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year , '' said edwards , `` which for the next several months could essentially mimic the president 's own plans to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer . ''
`` you know , we are going to have to evaluate what 's available , but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise , short of congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable , and , absent that , we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there , '' obama told cnn . in a prepared statement , edwards , a democrat from north carolina , said obama , clinton and republican sen. john warner of virginia , who recently called for a withdrawal to begin by christmas , have `` a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them , including a filibuster , to force the president to change course . ''
`` you know , we are going to have to evaluate what 's available , but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise , short of congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable , and , absent that , we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there , '' obama told cnn . `` we are in the same levels of violence ; we are at the same levels of dysfunctional when it comes to the government in iraq , and the american people at some point have a right to ask from their leadership in washington and from the president : when is enough enough ? ''
`` you know , we are going to have to evaluate what 's available , but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise , short of congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable , and , absent that , we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there , '' obama told cnn . `` sen. obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year , '' said edwards , `` which for the next several months could essentially mimic the president 's own plans to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer . ''
in a prepared statement , edwards , a democrat from north carolina , said obama , clinton and republican sen. john warner of virginia , who recently called for a withdrawal to begin by christmas , have `` a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them , including a filibuster , to force the president to change course . '' `` we are in the same levels of violence ; we are at the same levels of dysfunctional when it comes to the government in iraq , and the american people at some point have a right to ask from their leadership in washington and from the president : when is enough enough ? ''
in a prepared statement , edwards , a democrat from north carolina , said obama , clinton and republican sen. john warner of virginia , who recently called for a withdrawal to begin by christmas , have `` a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them , including a filibuster , to force the president to change course . '' `` sen. obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year , '' said edwards , `` which for the next several months could essentially mimic the president 's own plans to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer . ''
`` we are in the same levels of violence ; we are at the same levels of dysfunctional when it comes to the government in iraq , and the american people at some point have a right to ask from their leadership in washington and from the president : when is enough enough ? '' `` sen. obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year , '' said edwards , `` which for the next several months could essentially mimic the president 's own plans to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer . ''
riquelme again shrugged off his lack of club action with villarreal , where he has fallen out with the spanish side 's management , to net twice in the second spell after sergio aguero gave the home side a first-half lead . and he finished off the scoring in the 73rd minute with a cool sidefoot finish after being set up by messi to cap off a match in which captain javier zanetti made a record-breaking 116th appearance for argentina .
riquelme again shrugged off his lack of club action with villarreal , where he has fallen out with the spanish side 's management , to net twice in the second spell after sergio aguero gave the home side a first-half lead . the midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed brazil , who play peru in lima on sunday .
riquelme again shrugged off his lack of club action with villarreal , where he has fallen out with the spanish side 's management , to net twice in the second spell after sergio aguero gave the home side a first-half lead . buenos aires , argentina -- juan roman riquelme scored twice as argentina beat bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the south american qualifiers for the 2010 world cup on saturday .
riquelme again shrugged off his lack of club action with villarreal , where he has fallen out with the spanish side 's management , to net twice in the second spell after sergio aguero gave the home side a first-half lead . riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat carlos arias from 25 yards , having been superbly denied by the keeper 's one-handed effort shortly beforehand .
and he finished off the scoring in the 73rd minute with a cool sidefoot finish after being set up by messi to cap off a match in which captain javier zanetti made a record-breaking 116th appearance for argentina . the midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed brazil , who play peru in lima on sunday .
and he finished off the scoring in the 73rd minute with a cool sidefoot finish after being set up by messi to cap off a match in which captain javier zanetti made a record-breaking 116th appearance for argentina . buenos aires , argentina -- juan roman riquelme scored twice as argentina beat bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the south american qualifiers for the 2010 world cup on saturday .
and he finished off the scoring in the 73rd minute with a cool sidefoot finish after being set up by messi to cap off a match in which captain javier zanetti made a record-breaking 116th appearance for argentina . riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat carlos arias from 25 yards , having been superbly denied by the keeper 's one-handed effort shortly beforehand .
the midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed brazil , who play peru in lima on sunday . buenos aires , argentina -- juan roman riquelme scored twice as argentina beat bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the south american qualifiers for the 2010 world cup on saturday .
the midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed brazil , who play peru in lima on sunday . riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat carlos arias from 25 yards , having been superbly denied by the keeper 's one-handed effort shortly beforehand .
buenos aires , argentina -- juan roman riquelme scored twice as argentina beat bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the south american qualifiers for the 2010 world cup on saturday . riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat carlos arias from 25 yards , having been superbly denied by the keeper 's one-handed effort shortly beforehand .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . `` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
see incirlik 's key location '' the u.s. military issued a `` warning order '' a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews , planes , fuel and routes are lined up if turkey stops or restricts u.s. access to incirlik , a source said . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . `` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
lt. gen. carter ham , the director of operations for the joint chiefs of staff , said pentagon planners are looking at `` a broad range of options '' to keep food , fuel and ammunition flowing to u.s. troops in iraq if turkey blocks incirlik . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
`` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote . turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote .
`` more than half of the cargo flown into iraq and afghanistan comes through incirlik air base , and this base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of our troops in the future , '' they wrote . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
turkey , a longtime u.s. ally and nato partner , was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of armenians by ottoman turks genocide and threatened to block access to incirlik air base after the resolution passed a house committee vote . globalsecurity said incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to iraq , taking over for rhein-main air base in germany because it is closer to iraq , reducing the strain on troops and aircraft .
antonio maria costa , executive director of the u.n. office on drugs and crime , urged nato to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade , which has increased dramatically since the american-led invasion to remove the hard-line islamist government of the taliban in october 2001 . `` since drugs are funding the insurgency , nato has a self-interest in supporting afghan forces in destroying drug labs , markets and convoys , '' costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey .
antonio maria costa , executive director of the u.n. office on drugs and crime , urged nato to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade , which has increased dramatically since the american-led invasion to remove the hard-line islamist government of the taliban in october 2001 . the report from the u.n. 's office on drugs and crime shows the export value of this year 's poppy harvest stood at around $ 4 billion , a 29 per cent increase over 2006 .
antonio maria costa , executive director of the u.n. office on drugs and crime , urged nato to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade , which has increased dramatically since the american-led invasion to remove the hard-line islamist government of the taliban in october 2001 . if we do n't give them the support to produce alternative crops , then by wiping out their opium fields , you are only creating enemies for the future , '' he said .
antonio maria costa , executive director of the u.n. office on drugs and crime , urged nato to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade , which has increased dramatically since the american-led invasion to remove the hard-line islamist government of the taliban in october 2001 . united nations -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the united nations is calling on nato to do more to stop the afghan opium trade after a new survey showed how the drug dominates afghanistan 's economy .
`` since drugs are funding the insurgency , nato has a self-interest in supporting afghan forces in destroying drug labs , markets and convoys , '' costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey . the report from the u.n. 's office on drugs and crime shows the export value of this year 's poppy harvest stood at around $ 4 billion , a 29 per cent increase over 2006 .
`` since drugs are funding the insurgency , nato has a self-interest in supporting afghan forces in destroying drug labs , markets and convoys , '' costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey . if we do n't give them the support to produce alternative crops , then by wiping out their opium fields , you are only creating enemies for the future , '' he said .
`` since drugs are funding the insurgency , nato has a self-interest in supporting afghan forces in destroying drug labs , markets and convoys , '' costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey . united nations -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the united nations is calling on nato to do more to stop the afghan opium trade after a new survey showed how the drug dominates afghanistan 's economy .
the report from the u.n. 's office on drugs and crime shows the export value of this year 's poppy harvest stood at around $ 4 billion , a 29 per cent increase over 2006 . if we do n't give them the support to produce alternative crops , then by wiping out their opium fields , you are only creating enemies for the future , '' he said .
the report from the u.n. 's office on drugs and crime shows the export value of this year 's poppy harvest stood at around $ 4 billion , a 29 per cent increase over 2006 . united nations -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the united nations is calling on nato to do more to stop the afghan opium trade after a new survey showed how the drug dominates afghanistan 's economy .
if we do n't give them the support to produce alternative crops , then by wiping out their opium fields , you are only creating enemies for the future , '' he said . united nations -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the united nations is calling on nato to do more to stop the afghan opium trade after a new survey showed how the drug dominates afghanistan 's economy .
mexico city , mexico -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern mexico 's state of tabasco over the past four days , with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters , state officials said thursday . the grijalva river , one of two large waterways ringing villahermosa , has risen 6.5 feet -lrb- 2 meters -rrb- above its `` critical '' level and gushed into the city 's center , according to ap .
mexico city , mexico -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern mexico 's state of tabasco over the past four days , with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters , state officials said thursday . the associated press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops , huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years .
mexico city , mexico -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern mexico 's state of tabasco over the past four days , with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters , state officials said thursday . the grijalva river pushed over its banks through the state capital of villahermosa on thursday , forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded , gov.
mexico city , mexico -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern mexico 's state of tabasco over the past four days , with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters , state officials said thursday . about 700,000 people have seen their homes flooded , with about 300,000 of those still trapped there , granier 's office reported .
the grijalva river , one of two large waterways ringing villahermosa , has risen 6.5 feet -lrb- 2 meters -rrb- above its `` critical '' level and gushed into the city 's center , according to ap . the associated press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops , huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years .
the grijalva river , one of two large waterways ringing villahermosa , has risen 6.5 feet -lrb- 2 meters -rrb- above its `` critical '' level and gushed into the city 's center , according to ap . the grijalva river pushed over its banks through the state capital of villahermosa on thursday , forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded , gov.
the grijalva river , one of two large waterways ringing villahermosa , has risen 6.5 feet -lrb- 2 meters -rrb- above its `` critical '' level and gushed into the city 's center , according to ap . about 700,000 people have seen their homes flooded , with about 300,000 of those still trapped there , granier 's office reported .
the associated press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops , huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years . the grijalva river pushed over its banks through the state capital of villahermosa on thursday , forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded , gov.
the associated press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops , huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years . about 700,000 people have seen their homes flooded , with about 300,000 of those still trapped there , granier 's office reported .
the grijalva river pushed over its banks through the state capital of villahermosa on thursday , forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded , gov. about 700,000 people have seen their homes flooded , with about 300,000 of those still trapped there , granier 's office reported .
nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after novak djokovic in montreal in august -- to beat the world 's top-three players en route to winning a title . the argentine , ranked 25th in the world , repeated his 2005 upset win over the swiss star in that year 's season-ending masters cup -- also an indoor event .
nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after novak djokovic in montreal in august -- to beat the world 's top-three players en route to winning a title . the 25-year-old , who lost in the madrid final in 2004 , claimed his first triumph on the atp tour since may , 2006 , on clay in portugal .
nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after novak djokovic in montreal in august -- to beat the world 's top-three players en route to winning a title . defending champion federer , playing in his first tournament since winning the u.s. open six weeks ago , made 38 unforced errors .
nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after novak djokovic in montreal in august -- to beat the world 's top-three players en route to winning a title . he spent a year without a coach , but has revived his career since teaming up with hernan gumy .
the argentine , ranked 25th in the world , repeated his 2005 upset win over the swiss star in that year 's season-ending masters cup -- also an indoor event . the 25-year-old , who lost in the madrid final in 2004 , claimed his first triumph on the atp tour since may , 2006 , on clay in portugal .
the argentine , ranked 25th in the world , repeated his 2005 upset win over the swiss star in that year 's season-ending masters cup -- also an indoor event . defending champion federer , playing in his first tournament since winning the u.s. open six weeks ago , made 38 unforced errors .
the argentine , ranked 25th in the world , repeated his 2005 upset win over the swiss star in that year 's season-ending masters cup -- also an indoor event . he spent a year without a coach , but has revived his career since teaming up with hernan gumy .
the 25-year-old , who lost in the madrid final in 2004 , claimed his first triumph on the atp tour since may , 2006 , on clay in portugal . defending champion federer , playing in his first tournament since winning the u.s. open six weeks ago , made 38 unforced errors .
the 25-year-old , who lost in the madrid final in 2004 , claimed his first triumph on the atp tour since may , 2006 , on clay in portugal . he spent a year without a coach , but has revived his career since teaming up with hernan gumy .
defending champion federer , playing in his first tournament since winning the u.s. open six weeks ago , made 38 unforced errors . he spent a year without a coach , but has revived his career since teaming up with hernan gumy .
johannesburg , south africa -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- reggae legend lucky dube , one of south africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said friday . dube was much loved by his fellow south africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of south africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby world cup final with england this weekend .
johannesburg , south africa -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- reggae legend lucky dube , one of south africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said friday . figures from the south african police service show that from april 2006 to march 2007 , more than 19,000 south africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked .
johannesburg , south africa -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- reggae legend lucky dube , one of south africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said friday . dube , 43 , was killed in johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time thursday after someone tried to steal his car , gallo record company said in a statement .
johannesburg , south africa -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- reggae legend lucky dube , one of south africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said friday . born outside johannesburg in 1964 , dube was named `` lucky '' by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies .
dube was much loved by his fellow south africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of south africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby world cup final with england this weekend . figures from the south african police service show that from april 2006 to march 2007 , more than 19,000 south africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked .
dube was much loved by his fellow south africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of south africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby world cup final with england this weekend . dube , 43 , was killed in johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time thursday after someone tried to steal his car , gallo record company said in a statement .
dube was much loved by his fellow south africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of south africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby world cup final with england this weekend . born outside johannesburg in 1964 , dube was named `` lucky '' by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies .
figures from the south african police service show that from april 2006 to march 2007 , more than 19,000 south africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked . dube , 43 , was killed in johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time thursday after someone tried to steal his car , gallo record company said in a statement .
figures from the south african police service show that from april 2006 to march 2007 , more than 19,000 south africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked . born outside johannesburg in 1964 , dube was named `` lucky '' by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies .
dube , 43 , was killed in johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time thursday after someone tried to steal his car , gallo record company said in a statement . born outside johannesburg in 1964 , dube was named `` lucky '' by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies .
dida sits out the home tie against shakhtar on wednesday after an inquiry based on article 5 , paragraph 1 of the uefa disciplinary regulations -lrb- principles of conduct -rrb- , under which `` member associations , clubs , as well as their players , officials and members , shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . `` following monday 's appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , '' said a stement on uefa 's web site .
dida sits out the home tie against shakhtar on wednesday after an inquiry based on article 5 , paragraph 1 of the uefa disciplinary regulations -lrb- principles of conduct -rrb- , under which `` member associations , clubs , as well as their players , officials and members , shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . however , dida will only serve the second match of his ban if he commits a similar offense -- a theatrical over-reaction -- during the next 12 months , freeing him for the trip to ukraine .
dida sits out the home tie against shakhtar on wednesday after an inquiry based on article 5 , paragraph 1 of the uefa disciplinary regulations -lrb- principles of conduct -rrb- , under which `` member associations , clubs , as well as their players , officials and members , shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . london , england -- milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month 's champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two-match ban .
dida sits out the home tie against shakhtar on wednesday after an inquiry based on article 5 , paragraph 1 of the uefa disciplinary regulations -lrb- principles of conduct -rrb- , under which `` member associations , clubs , as well as their players , officials and members , shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship '' . brazilian dida was also fined 60,000 swiss francs by european football 's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the champions clash against celtic in scotland on october 3 .
`` following monday 's appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , '' said a stement on uefa 's web site . however , dida will only serve the second match of his ban if he commits a similar offense -- a theatrical over-reaction -- during the next 12 months , freeing him for the trip to ukraine .
`` following monday 's appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , '' said a stement on uefa 's web site . london , england -- milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month 's champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two-match ban .
`` following monday 's appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , '' said a stement on uefa 's web site . brazilian dida was also fined 60,000 swiss francs by european football 's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the champions clash against celtic in scotland on october 3 .
however , dida will only serve the second match of his ban if he commits a similar offense -- a theatrical over-reaction -- during the next 12 months , freeing him for the trip to ukraine . london , england -- milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month 's champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two-match ban .
however , dida will only serve the second match of his ban if he commits a similar offense -- a theatrical over-reaction -- during the next 12 months , freeing him for the trip to ukraine . brazilian dida was also fined 60,000 swiss francs by european football 's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the champions clash against celtic in scotland on october 3 .
london , england -- milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month 's champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two-match ban . brazilian dida was also fined 60,000 swiss francs by european football 's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the champions clash against celtic in scotland on october 3 .
england striker wayne rooney , who scored twice against villa and was also on target in england 's euro 2008 defeat against russia in moscow last week , will partner carlos tevez in attack . darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while hemdani misses the group e tie in glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend 's 3-0 win against celtic .
england striker wayne rooney , who scored twice against villa and was also on target in england 's euro 2008 defeat against russia in moscow last week , will partner carlos tevez in attack . kiev , ukraine -- serbian central defender nemanja vidic has convinced manchester united manager sir alex ferguson that he should play in tuesday 's champions league clash away to dynamo kiev .
england striker wayne rooney , who scored twice against villa and was also on target in england 's euro 2008 defeat against russia in moscow last week , will partner carlos tevez in attack . senegal defender pape diakhate , guinea forward ismael bangoura and ukraine midfielder taras mykhalyk are expected to return for dynamo , but former tottenham forward serhiy rebrov is an absentee .
england striker wayne rooney , who scored twice against villa and was also on target in england 's euro 2008 defeat against russia in moscow last week , will partner carlos tevez in attack . the former spartak moscow player sat out saturday 's 4-1 victory at aston villa after suffering concussion during the premier league win over wigan immediately before the international break .
darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while hemdani misses the group e tie in glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend 's 3-0 win against celtic . kiev , ukraine -- serbian central defender nemanja vidic has convinced manchester united manager sir alex ferguson that he should play in tuesday 's champions league clash away to dynamo kiev .
darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while hemdani misses the group e tie in glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend 's 3-0 win against celtic . senegal defender pape diakhate , guinea forward ismael bangoura and ukraine midfielder taras mykhalyk are expected to return for dynamo , but former tottenham forward serhiy rebrov is an absentee .
darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while hemdani misses the group e tie in glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend 's 3-0 win against celtic . the former spartak moscow player sat out saturday 's 4-1 victory at aston villa after suffering concussion during the premier league win over wigan immediately before the international break .
kiev , ukraine -- serbian central defender nemanja vidic has convinced manchester united manager sir alex ferguson that he should play in tuesday 's champions league clash away to dynamo kiev . senegal defender pape diakhate , guinea forward ismael bangoura and ukraine midfielder taras mykhalyk are expected to return for dynamo , but former tottenham forward serhiy rebrov is an absentee .
kiev , ukraine -- serbian central defender nemanja vidic has convinced manchester united manager sir alex ferguson that he should play in tuesday 's champions league clash away to dynamo kiev . the former spartak moscow player sat out saturday 's 4-1 victory at aston villa after suffering concussion during the premier league win over wigan immediately before the international break .
senegal defender pape diakhate , guinea forward ismael bangoura and ukraine midfielder taras mykhalyk are expected to return for dynamo , but former tottenham forward serhiy rebrov is an absentee . the former spartak moscow player sat out saturday 's 4-1 victory at aston villa after suffering concussion during the premier league win over wigan immediately before the international break .
made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable -lrb- this being well before victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century -rrb- . long before they ever made an appearance on the tv show `` sex and the city , '' pointed shoes were favored by polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to england on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s .
made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable -lrb- this being well before victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century -rrb- . the shoes , dubbed `` crackowes '' or `` poulaines '' -- after krakw , poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging .
made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable -lrb- this being well before victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century -rrb- . once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing -lrb- sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack -rrb- and accessible through slits in their skirts .
made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable -lrb- this being well before victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century -rrb- . not quite : the most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in `` buster brown , '' a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s .
long before they ever made an appearance on the tv show `` sex and the city , '' pointed shoes were favored by polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to england on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . the shoes , dubbed `` crackowes '' or `` poulaines '' -- after krakw , poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging .
long before they ever made an appearance on the tv show `` sex and the city , '' pointed shoes were favored by polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to england on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing -lrb- sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack -rrb- and accessible through slits in their skirts .
long before they ever made an appearance on the tv show `` sex and the city , '' pointed shoes were favored by polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to england on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . not quite : the most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in `` buster brown , '' a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s .
the shoes , dubbed `` crackowes '' or `` poulaines '' -- after krakw , poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing -lrb- sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack -rrb- and accessible through slits in their skirts .
the shoes , dubbed `` crackowes '' or `` poulaines '' -- after krakw , poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . not quite : the most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in `` buster brown , '' a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s .
once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing -lrb- sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack -rrb- and accessible through slits in their skirts . not quite : the most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in `` buster brown , '' a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s .
according to a statement from the white house , the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid that `` can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs , low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses , and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster . '' `` i will continue to make sure that our efforts are coordinated , that we are responding to the needs of people , but most importantly i want the people in southern california to know that americans all across this land care deeply about them , '' he said .
according to a statement from the white house , the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid that `` can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs , low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses , and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster . '' during and immediately after katrina , the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies -- even the u.s. army -- could not get within miles of the disaster 's epicenter , new orleans ' lower ninth ward , for several days .
according to a statement from the white house , the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid that `` can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs , low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses , and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster . '' chertoff said federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have fema ready , `` and as we saw the evacuation issue becoming more prominent , and the number of people seeking shelter becoming more prominent , we sprang into action yesterday .
according to a statement from the white house , the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid that `` can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs , low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses , and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster . '' watch paulison discuss the `` new fema '' '' he denied suggestions similar to those made in the aftermath of katrina that the federal response was hampered because national guard equipment was in short supply because of the iraq war .
`` i will continue to make sure that our efforts are coordinated , that we are responding to the needs of people , but most importantly i want the people in southern california to know that americans all across this land care deeply about them , '' he said . during and immediately after katrina , the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies -- even the u.s. army -- could not get within miles of the disaster 's epicenter , new orleans ' lower ninth ward , for several days .
`` i will continue to make sure that our efforts are coordinated , that we are responding to the needs of people , but most importantly i want the people in southern california to know that americans all across this land care deeply about them , '' he said . chertoff said federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have fema ready , `` and as we saw the evacuation issue becoming more prominent , and the number of people seeking shelter becoming more prominent , we sprang into action yesterday .
`` i will continue to make sure that our efforts are coordinated , that we are responding to the needs of people , but most importantly i want the people in southern california to know that americans all across this land care deeply about them , '' he said . watch paulison discuss the `` new fema '' '' he denied suggestions similar to those made in the aftermath of katrina that the federal response was hampered because national guard equipment was in short supply because of the iraq war .
during and immediately after katrina , the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies -- even the u.s. army -- could not get within miles of the disaster 's epicenter , new orleans ' lower ninth ward , for several days . chertoff said federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have fema ready , `` and as we saw the evacuation issue becoming more prominent , and the number of people seeking shelter becoming more prominent , we sprang into action yesterday .
during and immediately after katrina , the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies -- even the u.s. army -- could not get within miles of the disaster 's epicenter , new orleans ' lower ninth ward , for several days . watch paulison discuss the `` new fema '' '' he denied suggestions similar to those made in the aftermath of katrina that the federal response was hampered because national guard equipment was in short supply because of the iraq war .
chertoff said federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have fema ready , `` and as we saw the evacuation issue becoming more prominent , and the number of people seeking shelter becoming more prominent , we sprang into action yesterday . watch paulison discuss the `` new fema '' '' he denied suggestions similar to those made in the aftermath of katrina that the federal response was hampered because national guard equipment was in short supply because of the iraq war .
as the nose wheel lifted from the ground , `` the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft -lrb- sideways slippage -rrb- to the right , '' the airline said in a news release . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- brendon pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from cape town , south africa , wednesday .
as the nose wheel lifted from the ground , `` the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft -lrb- sideways slippage -rrb- to the right , '' the airline said in a news release . nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in march 2005 at `` an approved federal aviation authority facility in the u.s.a. '' and had flown only 3,806 hours since then .
as the nose wheel lifted from the ground , `` the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft -lrb- sideways slippage -rrb- to the right , '' the airline said in a news release . the engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine `` when extreme forces are applied , '' to prevent structural damage to the wing , nationwide said on its web site .
as the nose wheel lifted from the ground , `` the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft -lrb- sideways slippage -rrb- to the right , '' the airline said in a news release . but the pilot of nationwide airlines ' boeing 737 flight ce723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at cape town international airport .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- brendon pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from cape town , south africa , wednesday . nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in march 2005 at `` an approved federal aviation authority facility in the u.s.a. '' and had flown only 3,806 hours since then .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- brendon pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from cape town , south africa , wednesday . the engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine `` when extreme forces are applied , '' to prevent structural damage to the wing , nationwide said on its web site .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- brendon pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from cape town , south africa , wednesday . but the pilot of nationwide airlines ' boeing 737 flight ce723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at cape town international airport .
nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in march 2005 at `` an approved federal aviation authority facility in the u.s.a. '' and had flown only 3,806 hours since then . the engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine `` when extreme forces are applied , '' to prevent structural damage to the wing , nationwide said on its web site .
nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in march 2005 at `` an approved federal aviation authority facility in the u.s.a. '' and had flown only 3,806 hours since then . but the pilot of nationwide airlines ' boeing 737 flight ce723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at cape town international airport .
the engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine `` when extreme forces are applied , '' to prevent structural damage to the wing , nationwide said on its web site . but the pilot of nationwide airlines ' boeing 737 flight ce723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at cape town international airport .
when asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , vince mcmahon said each person in the wwe bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as world wrestling entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , chairman of the board vince mcmahon .
when asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , vince mcmahon said each person in the wwe bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . `` our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , '' mcmahon said .
when asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , vince mcmahon said each person in the wwe bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . mcmahon , appearing with linda mcmahon , his wife and wwe ceo , told cnn : `` nothing from the wwe , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with chris benoit murdering his family .
when asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old , vince mcmahon said each person in the wwe bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena . watch one of the new wwe stars talk about being `` straight edge '' '' `` there 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money .
benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as world wrestling entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , chairman of the board vince mcmahon . `` our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , '' mcmahon said .
benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as world wrestling entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , chairman of the board vince mcmahon . mcmahon , appearing with linda mcmahon , his wife and wwe ceo , told cnn : `` nothing from the wwe , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with chris benoit murdering his family .
benoit 's death has refocused a media spotlight on the organization for which he wrestled , now known as world wrestling entertainment , and the man who has ruled wrestling for years , chairman of the board vince mcmahon . watch one of the new wwe stars talk about being `` straight edge '' '' `` there 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money .
`` our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , '' mcmahon said . mcmahon , appearing with linda mcmahon , his wife and wwe ceo , told cnn : `` nothing from the wwe , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with chris benoit murdering his family .
`` our policy stacks up just as well as anyone else 's in sport , although again emphasizing we are entertainment , and no one in entertainment , no one has this kind of wellness policy , '' mcmahon said . watch one of the new wwe stars talk about being `` straight edge '' '' `` there 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money .
mcmahon , appearing with linda mcmahon , his wife and wwe ceo , told cnn : `` nothing from the wwe , under any set of circumstances had anything to do with chris benoit murdering his family . watch one of the new wwe stars talk about being `` straight edge '' '' `` there 's an expression in our business , that here is where you make your money .
you could be responsible for the fall of western civilization , just like justa grata honoria , the roman princess whose wild ways and -lrb- literally -rrb- naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the roman empire . after years of struggle , honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along : she was married off to an elderly roman senator , and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history .
you could be responsible for the fall of western civilization , just like justa grata honoria , the roman princess whose wild ways and -lrb- literally -rrb- naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the roman empire . honoria got the barbarian 's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal : if attila would rescue her , she would marry him , and he would get half of the western empire as her dowry .
you could be responsible for the fall of western civilization , just like justa grata honoria , the roman princess whose wild ways and -lrb- literally -rrb- naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the roman empire . as a young girl , she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother , valentinian iii , was crowned emperor of the western roman empire , while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage .
you could be responsible for the fall of western civilization , just like justa grata honoria , the roman princess whose wild ways and -lrb- literally -rrb- naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the roman empire . if you 're less lucky , you spent those years on a reality show , so for the rest of time , millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead .
after years of struggle , honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along : she was married off to an elderly roman senator , and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history . honoria got the barbarian 's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal : if attila would rescue her , she would marry him , and he would get half of the western empire as her dowry .
after years of struggle , honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along : she was married off to an elderly roman senator , and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history . as a young girl , she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother , valentinian iii , was crowned emperor of the western roman empire , while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage .
after years of struggle , honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along : she was married off to an elderly roman senator , and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history . if you 're less lucky , you spent those years on a reality show , so for the rest of time , millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead .
honoria got the barbarian 's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal : if attila would rescue her , she would marry him , and he would get half of the western empire as her dowry . as a young girl , she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother , valentinian iii , was crowned emperor of the western roman empire , while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage .
honoria got the barbarian 's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal : if attila would rescue her , she would marry him , and he would get half of the western empire as her dowry . if you 're less lucky , you spent those years on a reality show , so for the rest of time , millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead .
as a young girl , she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother , valentinian iii , was crowned emperor of the western roman empire , while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage . if you 're less lucky , you spent those years on a reality show , so for the rest of time , millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block .
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ? then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
also missing are samuel eto'o , yaya toure , gianluca zambrotta , edmilson and rafael marquez as the catalans travel to scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in group e. barcelona squad : valdes , jorquera ; puyol , thuram , sylvinho , oleguer , abidal , milito ; iniesta , ronaldinho , messi , xavi , giovani , crosas ; henry , ezquerro , gudjohnsen , bojan . the brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to villarreal on saturday after returning late from international duty , but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to scotland .
also missing are samuel eto'o , yaya toure , gianluca zambrotta , edmilson and rafael marquez as the catalans travel to scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in group e. barcelona squad : valdes , jorquera ; puyol , thuram , sylvinho , oleguer , abidal , milito ; iniesta , ronaldinho , messi , xavi , giovani , crosas ; henry , ezquerro , gudjohnsen , bojan . barca will be without deco for that match though , after the portuguese suffered a thigh injury against villarreal that will keep him sidelined for around five weeks .
also missing are samuel eto'o , yaya toure , gianluca zambrotta , edmilson and rafael marquez as the catalans travel to scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in group e. barcelona squad : valdes , jorquera ; puyol , thuram , sylvinho , oleguer , abidal , milito ; iniesta , ronaldinho , messi , xavi , giovani , crosas ; henry , ezquerro , gudjohnsen , bojan . barcelona , england -- ronaldinho has been recalled to the barcelona squad for tuesday 's champions league match against rangers in glasgow .
also missing are samuel eto'o , yaya toure , gianluca zambrotta , edmilson and rafael marquez as the catalans travel to scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in group e. barcelona squad : valdes , jorquera ; puyol , thuram , sylvinho , oleguer , abidal , milito ; iniesta , ronaldinho , messi , xavi , giovani , crosas ; henry , ezquerro , gudjohnsen , bojan . ronaldinho was dropped from the barcelona squad on saturday for returning late from international duty .
the brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to villarreal on saturday after returning late from international duty , but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to scotland . barca will be without deco for that match though , after the portuguese suffered a thigh injury against villarreal that will keep him sidelined for around five weeks .
the brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to villarreal on saturday after returning late from international duty , but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to scotland . barcelona , england -- ronaldinho has been recalled to the barcelona squad for tuesday 's champions league match against rangers in glasgow .
the brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to villarreal on saturday after returning late from international duty , but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to scotland . ronaldinho was dropped from the barcelona squad on saturday for returning late from international duty .
barca will be without deco for that match though , after the portuguese suffered a thigh injury against villarreal that will keep him sidelined for around five weeks . barcelona , england -- ronaldinho has been recalled to the barcelona squad for tuesday 's champions league match against rangers in glasgow .
barca will be without deco for that match though , after the portuguese suffered a thigh injury against villarreal that will keep him sidelined for around five weeks . ronaldinho was dropped from the barcelona squad on saturday for returning late from international duty .
barcelona , england -- ronaldinho has been recalled to the barcelona squad for tuesday 's champions league match against rangers in glasgow . ronaldinho was dropped from the barcelona squad on saturday for returning late from international duty .
blatter was unveiling a bust of the club 's co-founder william prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded sheffield fc , then known simply as sheffield club , on october 24 , 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter . guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month .
blatter was unveiling a bust of the club 's co-founder william prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded sheffield fc , then known simply as sheffield club , on october 24 , 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter . but 100 years later in 2004 , blatter presented sheffield fc with fifa 's `` order of merit '' -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time european champions real madrid .
blatter was unveiling a bust of the club 's co-founder william prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded sheffield fc , then known simply as sheffield club , on october 24 , 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc -- the sport 's oldest club .
blatter was unveiling a bust of the club 's co-founder william prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded sheffield fc , then known simply as sheffield club , on october 24 , 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter . the club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws , which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport , according to the sheffield fc web site .
guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month . but 100 years later in 2004 , blatter presented sheffield fc with fifa 's `` order of merit '' -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time european champions real madrid .
guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc -- the sport 's oldest club .
guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month . the club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws , which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport , according to the sheffield fc web site .
but 100 years later in 2004 , blatter presented sheffield fc with fifa 's `` order of merit '' -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time european champions real madrid . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc -- the sport 's oldest club .
but 100 years later in 2004 , blatter presented sheffield fc with fifa 's `` order of merit '' -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time european champions real madrid . the club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws , which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport , according to the sheffield fc web site .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc -- the sport 's oldest club . the club studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws , which formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport , according to the sheffield fc web site .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles . `` we 're fighting for those who do n't know they have a voice , that are being manipulated by our pop culture indulging in things that , really , they 're not mature enough to be thinking about yet , '' luce told cnn .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles . from 2006 to 2007 , a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 acquire the fire rallies , and 71,414 people attended the three battlecry events held in san francisco , california ; detroit , michigan ; and bristow , virginia , according to teen mania .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles . there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles . for hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with god about four years ago , the organization 's message is exactly right .
`` we 're fighting for those who do n't know they have a voice , that are being manipulated by our pop culture indulging in things that , really , they 're not mature enough to be thinking about yet , '' luce told cnn . from 2006 to 2007 , a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 acquire the fire rallies , and 71,414 people attended the three battlecry events held in san francisco , california ; detroit , michigan ; and bristow , virginia , according to teen mania .
`` we 're fighting for those who do n't know they have a voice , that are being manipulated by our pop culture indulging in things that , really , they 're not mature enough to be thinking about yet , '' luce told cnn . there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own .
`` we 're fighting for those who do n't know they have a voice , that are being manipulated by our pop culture indulging in things that , really , they 're not mature enough to be thinking about yet , '' luce told cnn . for hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with god about four years ago , the organization 's message is exactly right .
from 2006 to 2007 , a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 acquire the fire rallies , and 71,414 people attended the three battlecry events held in san francisco , california ; detroit , michigan ; and bristow , virginia , according to teen mania . there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own .
from 2006 to 2007 , a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 acquire the fire rallies , and 71,414 people attended the three battlecry events held in san francisco , california ; detroit , michigan ; and bristow , virginia , according to teen mania . for hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with god about four years ago , the organization 's message is exactly right .
there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own . for hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with god about four years ago , the organization 's message is exactly right .
watch schwarzenegger give a progress report '' that amounted to 679 square miles , or about 10 times the size of washington , d.c. by wednesday evening , the largest fire -- the witch in northern san diego county -- was 10 percent contained . watch bush emphasize the need to be responsive '' it 'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are n't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response .
watch schwarzenegger give a progress report '' that amounted to 679 square miles , or about 10 times the size of washington , d.c. by wednesday evening , the largest fire -- the witch in northern san diego county -- was 10 percent contained . meanwhile , the dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area .
watch schwarzenegger give a progress report '' that amounted to 679 square miles , or about 10 times the size of washington , d.c. by wednesday evening , the largest fire -- the witch in northern san diego county -- was 10 percent contained . watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' the smaller rosa fire in riverside county , 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres , was also a probably arson , state officials said .
watch schwarzenegger give a progress report '' that amounted to 679 square miles , or about 10 times the size of washington , d.c. by wednesday evening , the largest fire -- the witch in northern san diego county -- was 10 percent contained . as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego : del mar highlands , encinitas , solana beach , carmel valley , chula vista and otay mesa .
watch bush emphasize the need to be responsive '' it 'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are n't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response . meanwhile , the dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area .
watch bush emphasize the need to be responsive '' it 'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are n't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response . watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' the smaller rosa fire in riverside county , 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres , was also a probably arson , state officials said .
watch bush emphasize the need to be responsive '' it 'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are n't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response . as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego : del mar highlands , encinitas , solana beach , carmel valley , chula vista and otay mesa .
meanwhile , the dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area . watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' the smaller rosa fire in riverside county , 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres , was also a probably arson , state officials said .
meanwhile , the dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area . as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego : del mar highlands , encinitas , solana beach , carmel valley , chula vista and otay mesa .
watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' the smaller rosa fire in riverside county , 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres , was also a probably arson , state officials said . as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego : del mar highlands , encinitas , solana beach , carmel valley , chula vista and otay mesa .
`` and then for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire where they knew the fire would grow as rapidly as it would -- traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour -- is just really absolutely unconscionable , '' he said . investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said .
`` and then for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire where they knew the fire would grow as rapidly as it would -- traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour -- is just really absolutely unconscionable , '' he said . meanwhile , los angeles fire department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the san fernando valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes , an l.a. police spokeswoman said .
`` and then for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire where they knew the fire would grow as rapidly as it would -- traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour -- is just really absolutely unconscionable , '' he said . the reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $ 250,000 -- $ 50,000 each from the governor 's office , the u.s. agency of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , and the fbi , prather said .
`` and then for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire where they knew the fire would grow as rapidly as it would -- traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour -- is just really absolutely unconscionable , '' he said . orange county , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one of the larger fires in southern california was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson , a fire official said thursday .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . meanwhile , los angeles fire department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the san fernando valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes , an l.a. police spokeswoman said .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . the reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $ 250,000 -- $ 50,000 each from the governor 's office , the u.s. agency of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , and the fbi , prather said .
investigators have determined that the grass valley fire in san bernardino county was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman cindy beaver said . orange county , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one of the larger fires in southern california was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson , a fire official said thursday .
meanwhile , los angeles fire department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the san fernando valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes , an l.a. police spokeswoman said . the reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $ 250,000 -- $ 50,000 each from the governor 's office , the u.s. agency of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , and the fbi , prather said .
meanwhile , los angeles fire department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the san fernando valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes , an l.a. police spokeswoman said . orange county , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one of the larger fires in southern california was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson , a fire official said thursday .
the reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $ 250,000 -- $ 50,000 each from the governor 's office , the u.s. agency of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , and the fbi , prather said . orange county , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one of the larger fires in southern california was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson , a fire official said thursday .
`` my wife woke me up like 12 o'clock , screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down , '' said johnny villanueva of spring valley , who fled with his wife and daughter to san diego 's qualcomm stadium , which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees . see where the fires are burning '' of san diego county 's 10 major fires , the witch fire in the north , which has grown to 200,000 acres , is the priority because of its significant threat to structures , said ron lane , the county 's director of emergency services .
`` my wife woke me up like 12 o'clock , screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down , '' said johnny villanueva of spring valley , who fled with his wife and daughter to san diego 's qualcomm stadium , which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees . san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- firefighters in southern california are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes .
`` my wife woke me up like 12 o'clock , screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down , '' said johnny villanueva of spring valley , who fled with his wife and daughter to san diego 's qualcomm stadium , which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees . the secretary said that the federal response to the wildfires is `` phenomenally better '' than the response to hurricane katrina in 2005 , `` because we have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years . ''
`` my wife woke me up like 12 o'clock , screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down , '' said johnny villanueva of spring valley , who fled with his wife and daughter to san diego 's qualcomm stadium , which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees . `` so we have to be absolutely surgical in how we plan and how we tactically use our fire equipment because we just simply do n't have enough fire engines in the state of california to battle these blazes . ''
see where the fires are burning '' of san diego county 's 10 major fires , the witch fire in the north , which has grown to 200,000 acres , is the priority because of its significant threat to structures , said ron lane , the county 's director of emergency services . san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- firefighters in southern california are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes .
see where the fires are burning '' of san diego county 's 10 major fires , the witch fire in the north , which has grown to 200,000 acres , is the priority because of its significant threat to structures , said ron lane , the county 's director of emergency services . the secretary said that the federal response to the wildfires is `` phenomenally better '' than the response to hurricane katrina in 2005 , `` because we have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years . ''
see where the fires are burning '' of san diego county 's 10 major fires , the witch fire in the north , which has grown to 200,000 acres , is the priority because of its significant threat to structures , said ron lane , the county 's director of emergency services . `` so we have to be absolutely surgical in how we plan and how we tactically use our fire equipment because we just simply do n't have enough fire engines in the state of california to battle these blazes . ''
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- firefighters in southern california are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes . the secretary said that the federal response to the wildfires is `` phenomenally better '' than the response to hurricane katrina in 2005 , `` because we have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years . ''
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- firefighters in southern california are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes . `` so we have to be absolutely surgical in how we plan and how we tactically use our fire equipment because we just simply do n't have enough fire engines in the state of california to battle these blazes . ''
the secretary said that the federal response to the wildfires is `` phenomenally better '' than the response to hurricane katrina in 2005 , `` because we have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years . '' `` so we have to be absolutely surgical in how we plan and how we tactically use our fire equipment because we just simply do n't have enough fire engines in the state of california to battle these blazes . ''
watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' `` for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire , where they knew that the fire would grow as rapidly as it would , traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour , is just , is really absolutely unconscionable , '' orange county battalion chief kris concepcion said on cnn 's `` american morning . '' while the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes , the burn rate in the region -- a measure made up of factors like wind speed , humidity and available fuel -- was significantly lower thursday , a spokeswoman at the california department of forestry and protection said .
watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' `` for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire , where they knew that the fire would grow as rapidly as it would , traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour , is just , is really absolutely unconscionable , '' orange county battalion chief kris concepcion said on cnn 's `` american morning . '' residents of several communities , including the city of san diego , were allowed to return home wednesday and thursday , but more evacuations were ordered -- the latest covering the communities of lake henshaw and mesa grande and the la jolla indian reservation in san diego county .
watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' `` for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire , where they knew that the fire would grow as rapidly as it would , traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour , is just , is really absolutely unconscionable , '' orange county battalion chief kris concepcion said on cnn 's `` american morning . '' watch a report on bush as ` comforter-in-chief ' '' bush signed a federal disaster declaration wednesday , freeing money to help residents rent temporary homes and repair damaged homes and businesses and to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response .
watch the raging flames of the santiago fire '' `` for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire , where they knew that the fire would grow as rapidly as it would , traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour , is just , is really absolutely unconscionable , '' orange county battalion chief kris concepcion said on cnn 's `` american morning . '' `` we see pictures from online and on tv , but it 's just , it 's much different when you see it up front , '' said louela binlac in front of what remained of her rancho bernardo home .
while the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes , the burn rate in the region -- a measure made up of factors like wind speed , humidity and available fuel -- was significantly lower thursday , a spokeswoman at the california department of forestry and protection said . residents of several communities , including the city of san diego , were allowed to return home wednesday and thursday , but more evacuations were ordered -- the latest covering the communities of lake henshaw and mesa grande and the la jolla indian reservation in san diego county .
while the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes , the burn rate in the region -- a measure made up of factors like wind speed , humidity and available fuel -- was significantly lower thursday , a spokeswoman at the california department of forestry and protection said . watch a report on bush as ` comforter-in-chief ' '' bush signed a federal disaster declaration wednesday , freeing money to help residents rent temporary homes and repair damaged homes and businesses and to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response .
while the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes , the burn rate in the region -- a measure made up of factors like wind speed , humidity and available fuel -- was significantly lower thursday , a spokeswoman at the california department of forestry and protection said . `` we see pictures from online and on tv , but it 's just , it 's much different when you see it up front , '' said louela binlac in front of what remained of her rancho bernardo home .
residents of several communities , including the city of san diego , were allowed to return home wednesday and thursday , but more evacuations were ordered -- the latest covering the communities of lake henshaw and mesa grande and the la jolla indian reservation in san diego county . watch a report on bush as ` comforter-in-chief ' '' bush signed a federal disaster declaration wednesday , freeing money to help residents rent temporary homes and repair damaged homes and businesses and to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response .
residents of several communities , including the city of san diego , were allowed to return home wednesday and thursday , but more evacuations were ordered -- the latest covering the communities of lake henshaw and mesa grande and the la jolla indian reservation in san diego county . `` we see pictures from online and on tv , but it 's just , it 's much different when you see it up front , '' said louela binlac in front of what remained of her rancho bernardo home .
watch a report on bush as ` comforter-in-chief ' '' bush signed a federal disaster declaration wednesday , freeing money to help residents rent temporary homes and repair damaged homes and businesses and to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response . `` we see pictures from online and on tv , but it 's just , it 's much different when you see it up front , '' said louela binlac in front of what remained of her rancho bernardo home .
khartoum , sudan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sudanese court found a british teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named `` mohammed , '' british authorities and her lawyer reported . gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy sudanese and expatriates -- since august , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in liverpool , england , this summer , boulos said .
khartoum , sudan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sudanese court found a british teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named `` mohammed , '' british authorities and her lawyer reported . on wednesday , boulos said he was `` horrified '' when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought .
khartoum , sudan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sudanese court found a british teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named `` mohammed , '' british authorities and her lawyer reported . watch a report on reactions to the verdict '' the foreign office said gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence .
khartoum , sudan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sudanese court found a british teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named `` mohammed , '' british authorities and her lawyer reported . gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the foreign office , which expressed britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict .
gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy sudanese and expatriates -- since august , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in liverpool , england , this summer , boulos said . on wednesday , boulos said he was `` horrified '' when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought .
gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy sudanese and expatriates -- since august , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in liverpool , england , this summer , boulos said . watch a report on reactions to the verdict '' the foreign office said gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence .
gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy sudanese and expatriates -- since august , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in liverpool , england , this summer , boulos said . gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the foreign office , which expressed britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict .
on wednesday , boulos said he was `` horrified '' when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought . watch a report on reactions to the verdict '' the foreign office said gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence .
on wednesday , boulos said he was `` horrified '' when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff -- not from a parent , as originally thought . gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the foreign office , which expressed britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict .
watch a report on reactions to the verdict '' the foreign office said gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest , meaning that the she has 11 days remaining on her sentence . gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes , a fine , or a jail term of up to a year , according to the foreign office , which expressed britain 's dissatisfaction with the verdict .
now , you know , the board would n't ask and i would n't accept , but if you look across wall street , there are a few women who are putting themselves in positions to be successors the next time there are ceo 's who move along , and i think it 's a very exciting development for the industry and for the country . -lrb- jd -rrb- : is wall street , or for that matter , london or any other financial center ready for a woman -- for example in your case , 1.4 trillion dollars of assets ... -lrb- sk -rrb- : 1.8 thank you ... -lrb- jd -rrb- : ... to run one of the major money center banks of the world ?
now , you know , the board would n't ask and i would n't accept , but if you look across wall street , there are a few women who are putting themselves in positions to be successors the next time there are ceo 's who move along , and i think it 's a very exciting development for the industry and for the country . and if you think about , oil does n't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is ; even at levels in the 70 's , 60 's , 50 's , 40 's , a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market .
now , you know , the board would n't ask and i would n't accept , but if you look across wall street , there are a few women who are putting themselves in positions to be successors the next time there are ceo 's who move along , and i think it 's a very exciting development for the industry and for the country . and the concern is if , gee these are going to be important going forward , we want to have these involved in our economy and our markets , but if we regulate this alone that money will skitter away to another market -- to a market outside the united states or europe for example .
now , you know , the board would n't ask and i would n't accept , but if you look across wall street , there are a few women who are putting themselves in positions to be successors the next time there are ceo 's who move along , and i think it 's a very exciting development for the industry and for the country . i think the same question can be asked of the private equity funds and the hedge funds as well ; where in a lot of countries the regulators have been struggling with the issue of ` here are very important drivers of global markets and global liquidity ' .
-lrb- jd -rrb- : is wall street , or for that matter , london or any other financial center ready for a woman -- for example in your case , 1.4 trillion dollars of assets ... -lrb- sk -rrb- : 1.8 thank you ... -lrb- jd -rrb- : ... to run one of the major money center banks of the world ? and if you think about , oil does n't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is ; even at levels in the 70 's , 60 's , 50 's , 40 's , a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market .
-lrb- jd -rrb- : is wall street , or for that matter , london or any other financial center ready for a woman -- for example in your case , 1.4 trillion dollars of assets ... -lrb- sk -rrb- : 1.8 thank you ... -lrb- jd -rrb- : ... to run one of the major money center banks of the world ? and the concern is if , gee these are going to be important going forward , we want to have these involved in our economy and our markets , but if we regulate this alone that money will skitter away to another market -- to a market outside the united states or europe for example .
-lrb- jd -rrb- : is wall street , or for that matter , london or any other financial center ready for a woman -- for example in your case , 1.4 trillion dollars of assets ... -lrb- sk -rrb- : 1.8 thank you ... -lrb- jd -rrb- : ... to run one of the major money center banks of the world ? i think the same question can be asked of the private equity funds and the hedge funds as well ; where in a lot of countries the regulators have been struggling with the issue of ` here are very important drivers of global markets and global liquidity ' .
and if you think about , oil does n't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is ; even at levels in the 70 's , 60 's , 50 's , 40 's , a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market . and the concern is if , gee these are going to be important going forward , we want to have these involved in our economy and our markets , but if we regulate this alone that money will skitter away to another market -- to a market outside the united states or europe for example .
and if you think about , oil does n't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is ; even at levels in the 70 's , 60 's , 50 's , 40 's , a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market . i think the same question can be asked of the private equity funds and the hedge funds as well ; where in a lot of countries the regulators have been struggling with the issue of ` here are very important drivers of global markets and global liquidity ' .
and the concern is if , gee these are going to be important going forward , we want to have these involved in our economy and our markets , but if we regulate this alone that money will skitter away to another market -- to a market outside the united states or europe for example . i think the same question can be asked of the private equity funds and the hedge funds as well ; where in a lot of countries the regulators have been struggling with the issue of ` here are very important drivers of global markets and global liquidity ' .
the patient still has to test his or her blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated , but it 's amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of what your blood sugar is doing and better manage blood sugars . forty years ago , before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps , continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing , parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare .
the patient still has to test his or her blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated , but it 's amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of what your blood sugar is doing and better manage blood sugars . my family had just moved from the san francisco bay area to pasadena , california , and this visit to the doctor 's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life .
the patient still has to test his or her blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated , but it 's amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of what your blood sugar is doing and better manage blood sugars . this means diabetics someday will be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own and make adjustments all by itself .
the patient still has to test his or her blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated , but it 's amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of what your blood sugar is doing and better manage blood sugars . while i initially balked at the idea of pricking my finger several times a day , now i ca n't imagine not doing it in order to monitor what my blood sugar is doing .
forty years ago , before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps , continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing , parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare . my family had just moved from the san francisco bay area to pasadena , california , and this visit to the doctor 's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life .
forty years ago , before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps , continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing , parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare . this means diabetics someday will be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own and make adjustments all by itself .
forty years ago , before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps , continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing , parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare . while i initially balked at the idea of pricking my finger several times a day , now i ca n't imagine not doing it in order to monitor what my blood sugar is doing .
my family had just moved from the san francisco bay area to pasadena , california , and this visit to the doctor 's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life . this means diabetics someday will be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own and make adjustments all by itself .
my family had just moved from the san francisco bay area to pasadena , california , and this visit to the doctor 's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life . while i initially balked at the idea of pricking my finger several times a day , now i ca n't imagine not doing it in order to monitor what my blood sugar is doing .
this means diabetics someday will be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own and make adjustments all by itself . while i initially balked at the idea of pricking my finger several times a day , now i ca n't imagine not doing it in order to monitor what my blood sugar is doing .
`` when we were at the point of succeeding , uribe comes and , without telling me anything , he did n't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary , just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission , '' chavez said . `` i say before the world , while president uribe is president of colombia , i will not have any type of relation with him or with the government of colombia , '' chavez said in an address broadcast on national television .
`` when we were at the point of succeeding , uribe comes and , without telling me anything , he did n't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary , just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission , '' chavez said . chavez noted that uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group armed revolutionary front of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- and the national liberation army -lrb- eln -rrb- .
`` when we were at the point of succeeding , uribe comes and , without telling me anything , he did n't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary , just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission , '' chavez said . but the firebrand venezuelan president , who has called u.s. president george w. bush `` the devil , '' said his arms are open to the colombian people .
`` when we were at the point of succeeding , uribe comes and , without telling me anything , he did n't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary , just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission , '' chavez said . `` i went with my heart in my hand , and i was ready , '' chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of tachira .
`` i say before the world , while president uribe is president of colombia , i will not have any type of relation with him or with the government of colombia , '' chavez said in an address broadcast on national television . chavez noted that uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group armed revolutionary front of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- and the national liberation army -lrb- eln -rrb- .
`` i say before the world , while president uribe is president of colombia , i will not have any type of relation with him or with the government of colombia , '' chavez said in an address broadcast on national television . but the firebrand venezuelan president , who has called u.s. president george w. bush `` the devil , '' said his arms are open to the colombian people .
`` i say before the world , while president uribe is president of colombia , i will not have any type of relation with him or with the government of colombia , '' chavez said in an address broadcast on national television . `` i went with my heart in my hand , and i was ready , '' chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of tachira .
chavez noted that uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group armed revolutionary front of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- and the national liberation army -lrb- eln -rrb- . but the firebrand venezuelan president , who has called u.s. president george w. bush `` the devil , '' said his arms are open to the colombian people .
chavez noted that uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group armed revolutionary front of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- and the national liberation army -lrb- eln -rrb- . `` i went with my heart in my hand , and i was ready , '' chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of tachira .
but the firebrand venezuelan president , who has called u.s. president george w. bush `` the devil , '' said his arms are open to the colombian people . `` i went with my heart in my hand , and i was ready , '' chavez told a group of supporters in the southwestern state of tachira .
in all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant wales side , winning grand slams in 1976 and 1978 , and played all four tests on the lions ' tour of south africa in 1980 . wru chief executive roger lewis said : `` we are all in total shock because ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently .
in all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant wales side , winning grand slams in 1976 and 1978 , and played all four tests on the lions ' tour of south africa in 1980 . cardiff , wales -- former wales and british lions center ray gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56 , the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has announced .
in all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant wales side , winning grand slams in 1976 and 1978 , and played all four tests on the lions ' tour of south africa in 1980 . `` as a player , he always gave a huge amount of respect to his opponents but never gave an inch of ground to anyone he faced on the field of play .
in all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant wales side , winning grand slams in 1976 and 1978 , and played all four tests on the lions ' tour of south africa in 1980 . gravell made his debut for wales against france in 1975 , three years after helping his club side llanelli to their famous win over the touring all blacks .
wru chief executive roger lewis said : `` we are all in total shock because ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently . cardiff , wales -- former wales and british lions center ray gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56 , the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has announced .
wru chief executive roger lewis said : `` we are all in total shock because ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently . `` as a player , he always gave a huge amount of respect to his opponents but never gave an inch of ground to anyone he faced on the field of play .
wru chief executive roger lewis said : `` we are all in total shock because ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently . gravell made his debut for wales against france in 1975 , three years after helping his club side llanelli to their famous win over the touring all blacks .
cardiff , wales -- former wales and british lions center ray gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56 , the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has announced . `` as a player , he always gave a huge amount of respect to his opponents but never gave an inch of ground to anyone he faced on the field of play .
cardiff , wales -- former wales and british lions center ray gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56 , the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- has announced . gravell made his debut for wales against france in 1975 , three years after helping his club side llanelli to their famous win over the touring all blacks .
`` as a player , he always gave a huge amount of respect to his opponents but never gave an inch of ground to anyone he faced on the field of play . gravell made his debut for wales against france in 1975 , three years after helping his club side llanelli to their famous win over the touring all blacks .
luis garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from argentine maxi rodriguez and a diego forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as atletico moved up to sixth in the table . artiz aduriz scored twice for bilbao after eight and 31 minutes to leave valladolid second from bottom with promoted levante , who have a meagre one point , propping up the table .
luis garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from argentine maxi rodriguez and a diego forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as atletico moved up to sixth in the table . forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before rodriguez stole the show with two more goals .
luis garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from argentine maxi rodriguez and a diego forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as atletico moved up to sixth in the table . substitute kepa , who was later sent off , opened the scoring in the 54th minute and francisco casero added a second five minutes later to clinch the points .
luis garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from argentine maxi rodriguez and a diego forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as atletico moved up to sixth in the table . madrid , spain -- atletico madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by barcelona to crush european rivals real zaragoza 4-0 in the primera liga on sunday .
artiz aduriz scored twice for bilbao after eight and 31 minutes to leave valladolid second from bottom with promoted levante , who have a meagre one point , propping up the table . forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before rodriguez stole the show with two more goals .
artiz aduriz scored twice for bilbao after eight and 31 minutes to leave valladolid second from bottom with promoted levante , who have a meagre one point , propping up the table . substitute kepa , who was later sent off , opened the scoring in the 54th minute and francisco casero added a second five minutes later to clinch the points .
artiz aduriz scored twice for bilbao after eight and 31 minutes to leave valladolid second from bottom with promoted levante , who have a meagre one point , propping up the table . madrid , spain -- atletico madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by barcelona to crush european rivals real zaragoza 4-0 in the primera liga on sunday .
forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before rodriguez stole the show with two more goals . substitute kepa , who was later sent off , opened the scoring in the 54th minute and francisco casero added a second five minutes later to clinch the points .
forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before rodriguez stole the show with two more goals . madrid , spain -- atletico madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by barcelona to crush european rivals real zaragoza 4-0 in the primera liga on sunday .
substitute kepa , who was later sent off , opened the scoring in the 54th minute and francisco casero added a second five minutes later to clinch the points . madrid , spain -- atletico madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by barcelona to crush european rivals real zaragoza 4-0 in the primera liga on sunday .
earlier this month , obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of greenville , where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with christian vocabulary , telling the crowd , to much applause , that `` i am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on earth . '' `` i spoke with senator barack obama today and expressed to him our community 's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with reverend mcclurkin , an anti-gay preacher who states the need to ` break the curse of homosexuality , ' '' he said in a statement .
earlier this month , obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of greenville , where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with christian vocabulary , telling the crowd , to much applause , that `` i am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on earth . '' obama issued a statement saying , `` i strongly disagree with reverend -lsb- donnie -rsb- mcclurkin 's views and will continue to fight for these rights as president of the united states , '' and argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious african americans .
earlier this month , obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of greenville , where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with christian vocabulary , telling the crowd , to much applause , that `` i am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on earth . '' `` at least in politics , the perception was that the democrats were fearful of talking about faith , and on the other hand you had the republicans who had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away . ''
earlier this month , obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of greenville , where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with christian vocabulary , telling the crowd , to much applause , that `` i am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on earth . '' privately , obama aides say they believe obama is a candidate of real , transformational change , and that uproars like the mcclurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together to air their differences .
`` i spoke with senator barack obama today and expressed to him our community 's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with reverend mcclurkin , an anti-gay preacher who states the need to ` break the curse of homosexuality , ' '' he said in a statement . obama issued a statement saying , `` i strongly disagree with reverend -lsb- donnie -rsb- mcclurkin 's views and will continue to fight for these rights as president of the united states , '' and argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious african americans .
`` i spoke with senator barack obama today and expressed to him our community 's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with reverend mcclurkin , an anti-gay preacher who states the need to ` break the curse of homosexuality , ' '' he said in a statement . `` at least in politics , the perception was that the democrats were fearful of talking about faith , and on the other hand you had the republicans who had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away . ''
`` i spoke with senator barack obama today and expressed to him our community 's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with reverend mcclurkin , an anti-gay preacher who states the need to ` break the curse of homosexuality , ' '' he said in a statement . privately , obama aides say they believe obama is a candidate of real , transformational change , and that uproars like the mcclurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together to air their differences .
obama issued a statement saying , `` i strongly disagree with reverend -lsb- donnie -rsb- mcclurkin 's views and will continue to fight for these rights as president of the united states , '' and argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious african americans . `` at least in politics , the perception was that the democrats were fearful of talking about faith , and on the other hand you had the republicans who had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away . ''
obama issued a statement saying , `` i strongly disagree with reverend -lsb- donnie -rsb- mcclurkin 's views and will continue to fight for these rights as president of the united states , '' and argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious african americans . privately , obama aides say they believe obama is a candidate of real , transformational change , and that uproars like the mcclurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together to air their differences .
`` at least in politics , the perception was that the democrats were fearful of talking about faith , and on the other hand you had the republicans who had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away . '' privately , obama aides say they believe obama is a candidate of real , transformational change , and that uproars like the mcclurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together to air their differences .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . ''
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy . `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
`` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends .
speaking to reporters en route to turkey and the mideast , she said , `` i do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . '' watch the diplomats exchange angry words '' `` i just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , '' said foreign service officer jack croddy .
speaking to reporters en route to turkey and the mideast , she said , `` i do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . '' rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down friday by underscoring the state department 's attempts to do `` everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . ''
speaking to reporters en route to turkey and the mideast , she said , `` i do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . '' mccormack rejected comments by rep. duncan hunter , r-california , that state department employees are `` nervous nellies '' and that wounded u.s. military veterans should be asked to fill the iraq vacancies .
speaking to reporters en route to turkey and the mideast , she said , `` i do n't know if we will have direct assignments or not , but we are one foreign service , and people need to serve where they are needed . '' `` we have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in anbar and basra and baghdad and kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . ''
watch the diplomats exchange angry words '' `` i just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , '' said foreign service officer jack croddy . rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down friday by underscoring the state department 's attempts to do `` everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . ''
watch the diplomats exchange angry words '' `` i just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , '' said foreign service officer jack croddy . mccormack rejected comments by rep. duncan hunter , r-california , that state department employees are `` nervous nellies '' and that wounded u.s. military veterans should be asked to fill the iraq vacancies .
watch the diplomats exchange angry words '' `` i just have no respect for the whole process because you 've demonstrated a lack of respect for your own colleagues , '' said foreign service officer jack croddy . `` we have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in anbar and basra and baghdad and kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . ''
rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down friday by underscoring the state department 's attempts to do `` everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . '' mccormack rejected comments by rep. duncan hunter , r-california , that state department employees are `` nervous nellies '' and that wounded u.s. military veterans should be asked to fill the iraq vacancies .
rice , who did not attend the meeting , tried to calm things down friday by underscoring the state department 's attempts to do `` everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats . '' `` we have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in anbar and basra and baghdad and kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . ''
mccormack rejected comments by rep. duncan hunter , r-california , that state department employees are `` nervous nellies '' and that wounded u.s. military veterans should be asked to fill the iraq vacancies . `` we have a lot of brave people who are stepping up to the plate in anbar and basra and baghdad and kabul and a lot of other places that are not necessarily in the headlines . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the commander of the nuclear-powered submarine uss hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members , the u.s. navy said friday . the crew neither maintained inspection records nor conducted the required inspection of chemical levels associated with the cooling system of the ship 's nuclear reactor , navy officials said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the commander of the nuclear-powered submarine uss hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members , the u.s. navy said friday . those six -- one officer and five enlisted personnel -- received a `` nonjudicial punishment '' after other navy personnel discovered their actions , the officials said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the commander of the nuclear-powered submarine uss hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members , the u.s. navy said friday . michael b. portland lost his post `` due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command , '' the navy said in a statement .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the commander of the nuclear-powered submarine uss hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members , the u.s. navy said friday . portland 's demotion brings to 10 the number of people relieved of duty on the submarine in the wake of the misconduct probe .
the crew neither maintained inspection records nor conducted the required inspection of chemical levels associated with the cooling system of the ship 's nuclear reactor , navy officials said . those six -- one officer and five enlisted personnel -- received a `` nonjudicial punishment '' after other navy personnel discovered their actions , the officials said .
the crew neither maintained inspection records nor conducted the required inspection of chemical levels associated with the cooling system of the ship 's nuclear reactor , navy officials said . michael b. portland lost his post `` due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command , '' the navy said in a statement .
the crew neither maintained inspection records nor conducted the required inspection of chemical levels associated with the cooling system of the ship 's nuclear reactor , navy officials said . portland 's demotion brings to 10 the number of people relieved of duty on the submarine in the wake of the misconduct probe .
those six -- one officer and five enlisted personnel -- received a `` nonjudicial punishment '' after other navy personnel discovered their actions , the officials said . michael b. portland lost his post `` due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command , '' the navy said in a statement .
those six -- one officer and five enlisted personnel -- received a `` nonjudicial punishment '' after other navy personnel discovered their actions , the officials said . portland 's demotion brings to 10 the number of people relieved of duty on the submarine in the wake of the misconduct probe .
michael b. portland lost his post `` due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command , '' the navy said in a statement . portland 's demotion brings to 10 the number of people relieved of duty on the submarine in the wake of the misconduct probe .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler , arkansas police said , killing the pickup driver and two bus riders . bus driver felix tapia , 28 , of brownsville , texas , and tractor-trailer driver david rice , 45 , of mars hill , north carolina , suffered minor injuries , according to the associated press .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler , arkansas police said , killing the pickup driver and two bus riders . forty people were hurt in sunday night 's crash , which shut down a 13-mile stretch of interstate-40 east of forrest city , arkansas , said state police spokesman bill sadler .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler , arkansas police said , killing the pickup driver and two bus riders . the bus , which listed 44 passengers on its manifest , was owned and operated by the tornado bus line , which is based in dallas , texas , sadler said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler , arkansas police said , killing the pickup driver and two bus riders . the crash happened just after 10 p.m. ct about 10 miles east of forrest city and about 40 miles west of memphis , tennessee , sadler said .
bus driver felix tapia , 28 , of brownsville , texas , and tractor-trailer driver david rice , 45 , of mars hill , north carolina , suffered minor injuries , according to the associated press . forty people were hurt in sunday night 's crash , which shut down a 13-mile stretch of interstate-40 east of forrest city , arkansas , said state police spokesman bill sadler .
bus driver felix tapia , 28 , of brownsville , texas , and tractor-trailer driver david rice , 45 , of mars hill , north carolina , suffered minor injuries , according to the associated press . the bus , which listed 44 passengers on its manifest , was owned and operated by the tornado bus line , which is based in dallas , texas , sadler said .
bus driver felix tapia , 28 , of brownsville , texas , and tractor-trailer driver david rice , 45 , of mars hill , north carolina , suffered minor injuries , according to the associated press . the crash happened just after 10 p.m. ct about 10 miles east of forrest city and about 40 miles west of memphis , tennessee , sadler said .
forty people were hurt in sunday night 's crash , which shut down a 13-mile stretch of interstate-40 east of forrest city , arkansas , said state police spokesman bill sadler . the bus , which listed 44 passengers on its manifest , was owned and operated by the tornado bus line , which is based in dallas , texas , sadler said .
forty people were hurt in sunday night 's crash , which shut down a 13-mile stretch of interstate-40 east of forrest city , arkansas , said state police spokesman bill sadler . the crash happened just after 10 p.m. ct about 10 miles east of forrest city and about 40 miles west of memphis , tennessee , sadler said .
the bus , which listed 44 passengers on its manifest , was owned and operated by the tornado bus line , which is based in dallas , texas , sadler said . the crash happened just after 10 p.m. ct about 10 miles east of forrest city and about 40 miles west of memphis , tennessee , sadler said .
wingspan : 79.8 meters -lrb- 747 - 64.4 meters -rrb- length : 73 meters or seven london buses in a row -lrb- 747 - 70.7 meters -rrb- height : 24.1 meters -lrb- 747 - 19.4 meters -rrb- internal cabin width : 6.58 meters -lrb- 747 - 6.1 meters -rrb- seats : 555 -lrb- 747 - 416 -rrb- flight range : 15,000 kilometers -lrb- 747 - 13,450 kilometers -rrb- wiring : 500 kilometers . emirates : 47 qantas : 20 singapore airlines : 19 lufthansa : 15 air france : 12 british airways : 12 ilfc : 10 emirates : 8 virgin atlantic : 6 thai airways : 6 malaysia airlines : 6 qatar : 5 kingfisher : 5 korean air : 5 china southern : 5 etihad : 4 .
wingspan : 79.8 meters -lrb- 747 - 64.4 meters -rrb- length : 73 meters or seven london buses in a row -lrb- 747 - 70.7 meters -rrb- height : 24.1 meters -lrb- 747 - 19.4 meters -rrb- internal cabin width : 6.58 meters -lrb- 747 - 6.1 meters -rrb- seats : 555 -lrb- 747 - 416 -rrb- flight range : 15,000 kilometers -lrb- 747 - 13,450 kilometers -rrb- wiring : 500 kilometers . as cnn 's richard quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as boeing 's up-coming 787 dreamliner .
wingspan : 79.8 meters -lrb- 747 - 64.4 meters -rrb- length : 73 meters or seven london buses in a row -lrb- 747 - 70.7 meters -rrb- height : 24.1 meters -lrb- 747 - 19.4 meters -rrb- internal cabin width : 6.58 meters -lrb- 747 - 6.1 meters -rrb- seats : 555 -lrb- 747 - 416 -rrb- flight range : 15,000 kilometers -lrb- 747 - 13,450 kilometers -rrb- wiring : 500 kilometers . singapore 's changi airport , home to the singapore airlines a380 fleet , was the first , and when its new terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be a380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks .
wingspan : 79.8 meters -lrb- 747 - 64.4 meters -rrb- length : 73 meters or seven london buses in a row -lrb- 747 - 70.7 meters -rrb- height : 24.1 meters -lrb- 747 - 19.4 meters -rrb- internal cabin width : 6.58 meters -lrb- 747 - 6.1 meters -rrb- seats : 555 -lrb- 747 - 416 -rrb- flight range : 15,000 kilometers -lrb- 747 - 13,450 kilometers -rrb- wiring : 500 kilometers . it 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built -lrb- inside and out -rrb- , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort .
emirates : 47 qantas : 20 singapore airlines : 19 lufthansa : 15 air france : 12 british airways : 12 ilfc : 10 emirates : 8 virgin atlantic : 6 thai airways : 6 malaysia airlines : 6 qatar : 5 kingfisher : 5 korean air : 5 china southern : 5 etihad : 4 . as cnn 's richard quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as boeing 's up-coming 787 dreamliner .
emirates : 47 qantas : 20 singapore airlines : 19 lufthansa : 15 air france : 12 british airways : 12 ilfc : 10 emirates : 8 virgin atlantic : 6 thai airways : 6 malaysia airlines : 6 qatar : 5 kingfisher : 5 korean air : 5 china southern : 5 etihad : 4 . singapore 's changi airport , home to the singapore airlines a380 fleet , was the first , and when its new terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be a380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks .
emirates : 47 qantas : 20 singapore airlines : 19 lufthansa : 15 air france : 12 british airways : 12 ilfc : 10 emirates : 8 virgin atlantic : 6 thai airways : 6 malaysia airlines : 6 qatar : 5 kingfisher : 5 korean air : 5 china southern : 5 etihad : 4 . it 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built -lrb- inside and out -rrb- , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort .
as cnn 's richard quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as boeing 's up-coming 787 dreamliner . singapore 's changi airport , home to the singapore airlines a380 fleet , was the first , and when its new terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be a380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks .
as cnn 's richard quest points out , while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly , demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as boeing 's up-coming 787 dreamliner . it 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built -lrb- inside and out -rrb- , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort .
singapore 's changi airport , home to the singapore airlines a380 fleet , was the first , and when its new terminal 3 opens early next year , 19 gates across the three terminals will be a380-ready with aerobridge access to both decks . it 's the quietest large passenger jet ever built -lrb- inside and out -rrb- , it has a low fuel-burn to reduce fuel use and emissions , it can carry 40 percent more passengers than other large aircraft and in greater comfort .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company owns the venetian resort hotel casino and the sands expo and convention center in las vegas , nevada and the sands macau in the people 's republic of china 's special administrative region of macau , as well as venetian macau limited , a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in macau . in december 2004 , in one of the year 's most anticipated initial public offerings , dr. and mr. adelson rang the opening bell at the new york stock exchange and with it shares of las vegas sands corp. began trading .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company owns the venetian resort hotel casino and the sands expo and convention center in las vegas , nevada and the sands macau in the people 's republic of china 's special administrative region of macau , as well as venetian macau limited , a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in macau . the venetian casino resort is one of the most productive properties on the strip , having an occupancy rate of 98.3 % and an average daily room rate of $ 219 during the nine months ended september 30 , 2004 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company owns the venetian resort hotel casino and the sands expo and convention center in las vegas , nevada and the sands macau in the people 's republic of china 's special administrative region of macau , as well as venetian macau limited , a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in macau . since it 's opening , the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the las vegas hotel industry , and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the company owns the venetian resort hotel casino and the sands expo and convention center in las vegas , nevada and the sands macau in the people 's republic of china 's special administrative region of macau , as well as venetian macau limited , a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in macau . the first phase of the venetian casino resort opened in may 1999 , which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling .
in december 2004 , in one of the year 's most anticipated initial public offerings , dr. and mr. adelson rang the opening bell at the new york stock exchange and with it shares of las vegas sands corp. began trading . the venetian casino resort is one of the most productive properties on the strip , having an occupancy rate of 98.3 % and an average daily room rate of $ 219 during the nine months ended september 30 , 2004 .
in december 2004 , in one of the year 's most anticipated initial public offerings , dr. and mr. adelson rang the opening bell at the new york stock exchange and with it shares of las vegas sands corp. began trading . since it 's opening , the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the las vegas hotel industry , and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world .
in december 2004 , in one of the year 's most anticipated initial public offerings , dr. and mr. adelson rang the opening bell at the new york stock exchange and with it shares of las vegas sands corp. began trading . the first phase of the venetian casino resort opened in may 1999 , which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling .
the venetian casino resort is one of the most productive properties on the strip , having an occupancy rate of 98.3 % and an average daily room rate of $ 219 during the nine months ended september 30 , 2004 . since it 's opening , the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the las vegas hotel industry , and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world .
the venetian casino resort is one of the most productive properties on the strip , having an occupancy rate of 98.3 % and an average daily room rate of $ 219 during the nine months ended september 30 , 2004 . the first phase of the venetian casino resort opened in may 1999 , which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling .
since it 's opening , the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the las vegas hotel industry , and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world . the first phase of the venetian casino resort opened in may 1999 , which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling .
see before and after weight loss photos from cnn.com i-reporters '' `` my manager at the kennedy space center ran marathons , and he was the same age as my father , '' she said . instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through , pless asks herself , `` what do i really want to eat ?
see before and after weight loss photos from cnn.com i-reporters '' `` my manager at the kennedy space center ran marathons , and he was the same age as my father , '' she said . `` i changed how i felt about food and what it meant to me , '' said pless , who occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate .
see before and after weight loss photos from cnn.com i-reporters '' `` my manager at the kennedy space center ran marathons , and he was the same age as my father , '' she said . she 's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders . ''
see before and after weight loss photos from cnn.com i-reporters '' `` my manager at the kennedy space center ran marathons , and he was the same age as my father , '' she said . `` running has become a constant for me and does so much more for me than maintain my weight , which is now about 125 pounds , '' said pless .
instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through , pless asks herself , `` what do i really want to eat ? `` i changed how i felt about food and what it meant to me , '' said pless , who occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate .
instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through , pless asks herself , `` what do i really want to eat ? she 's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders . ''
instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through , pless asks herself , `` what do i really want to eat ? `` running has become a constant for me and does so much more for me than maintain my weight , which is now about 125 pounds , '' said pless .
`` i changed how i felt about food and what it meant to me , '' said pless , who occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate . she 's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders . ''
`` i changed how i felt about food and what it meant to me , '' said pless , who occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate . `` running has become a constant for me and does so much more for me than maintain my weight , which is now about 125 pounds , '' said pless .
she 's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders . '' `` running has become a constant for me and does so much more for me than maintain my weight , which is now about 125 pounds , '' said pless .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service .
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
congolese president joseph kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the international crisis group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service .
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
a press release from the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service . they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . ''
while the congolese government accused troops under rebel general laurent nkunda of staging the attack , a nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the integrated regional information networks , a u.n.-affiliated news service . `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
they need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . '' `` we think it could have been insurgents close to nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -lsb- rwandan rebels -rsb- , '' spokesman col. pierre cherayron was quoted as saying .
the department said the united states will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to u.s. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies . in the past week a pittsburgh company , sparesglobal inc. , was sentenced for lying about an illegal export of products that can be used in nuclear reactions and in the nose cones of ballistic missiles .
the department said the united states will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to u.s. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the illegal export of u.s. military technology to iran and china poses a growing threat , the justice department said thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice .
the department said the united states will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to u.s. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies . `` recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology , military aircraft components , naval warship data , night vision equipment , and other restricted technology destined for china or iran . ''
the department said the united states will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to u.s. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies . `` china and iran pose particular u.s. export control concerns , '' the justice department said in a statement issued thursday .
in the past week a pittsburgh company , sparesglobal inc. , was sentenced for lying about an illegal export of products that can be used in nuclear reactions and in the nose cones of ballistic missiles . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the illegal export of u.s. military technology to iran and china poses a growing threat , the justice department said thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice .
in the past week a pittsburgh company , sparesglobal inc. , was sentenced for lying about an illegal export of products that can be used in nuclear reactions and in the nose cones of ballistic missiles . `` recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology , military aircraft components , naval warship data , night vision equipment , and other restricted technology destined for china or iran . ''
in the past week a pittsburgh company , sparesglobal inc. , was sentenced for lying about an illegal export of products that can be used in nuclear reactions and in the nose cones of ballistic missiles . `` china and iran pose particular u.s. export control concerns , '' the justice department said in a statement issued thursday .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the illegal export of u.s. military technology to iran and china poses a growing threat , the justice department said thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice . `` recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology , military aircraft components , naval warship data , night vision equipment , and other restricted technology destined for china or iran . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the illegal export of u.s. military technology to iran and china poses a growing threat , the justice department said thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice . `` china and iran pose particular u.s. export control concerns , '' the justice department said in a statement issued thursday .
`` recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology , military aircraft components , naval warship data , night vision equipment , and other restricted technology destined for china or iran . '' `` china and iran pose particular u.s. export control concerns , '' the justice department said in a statement issued thursday .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the confirmation of michael mukasey as attorney general was all but assured friday when two key democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . `` i believe that judge mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments , allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by congress . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the confirmation of michael mukasey as attorney general was all but assured friday when two key democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . bush said the program does not violate u.s. bans on torture , but added that mukasey `` does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the confirmation of michael mukasey as attorney general was all but assured friday when two key democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . it is frankly not dependent on any , quote , ` relevant facts and circumstances of the technique 's past or proposed use , ' '' he said , quoting from mukasey 's response to senators on the question .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the confirmation of michael mukasey as attorney general was all but assured friday when two key democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . a number of democratic senators , however , have said they will oppose mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance .
`` i believe that judge mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments , allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by congress . '' bush said the program does not violate u.s. bans on torture , but added that mukasey `` does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy . ''
`` i believe that judge mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments , allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by congress . '' it is frankly not dependent on any , quote , ` relevant facts and circumstances of the technique 's past or proposed use , ' '' he said , quoting from mukasey 's response to senators on the question .
`` i believe that judge mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments , allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by congress . '' a number of democratic senators , however , have said they will oppose mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance .
bush said the program does not violate u.s. bans on torture , but added that mukasey `` does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy . '' it is frankly not dependent on any , quote , ` relevant facts and circumstances of the technique 's past or proposed use , ' '' he said , quoting from mukasey 's response to senators on the question .
bush said the program does not violate u.s. bans on torture , but added that mukasey `` does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy . '' a number of democratic senators , however , have said they will oppose mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance .
it is frankly not dependent on any , quote , ` relevant facts and circumstances of the technique 's past or proposed use , ' '' he said , quoting from mukasey 's response to senators on the question . a number of democratic senators , however , have said they will oppose mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called `` waterboarding '' and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance .
`` it might 've been lesser time , but then again , i would have nowhere to go because i would have no home , '' wilson said during a cnn interview scheduled to air monday at 8 p.m. `` i would n't be able to stay with my mother because i have a little sister . `` when it seems like you have everything , you know , you feel like you have no worries until it 's all gone , and i know what it feels like to be without and i do n't want to ever feel like that again , '' said the former honor student , football star and homecoming king .
`` it might 've been lesser time , but then again , i would have nowhere to go because i would have no home , '' wilson said during a cnn interview scheduled to air monday at 8 p.m. `` i would n't be able to stay with my mother because i have a little sister . according to georgia attorney general thurbert baker , prosecutors in douglas county , georgia , offered wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence , possibly to time served , and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record .
`` it might 've been lesser time , but then again , i would have nowhere to go because i would have no home , '' wilson said during a cnn interview scheduled to air monday at 8 p.m. `` i would n't be able to stay with my mother because i have a little sister . atlanta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- genarlow wilson , freed last week from a georgia prison , said he 's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors , even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier .
`` it might 've been lesser time , but then again , i would have nowhere to go because i would have no home , '' wilson said during a cnn interview scheduled to air monday at 8 p.m. `` i would n't be able to stay with my mother because i have a little sister . the 21-year-old , who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation , said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal .
`` when it seems like you have everything , you know , you feel like you have no worries until it 's all gone , and i know what it feels like to be without and i do n't want to ever feel like that again , '' said the former honor student , football star and homecoming king . according to georgia attorney general thurbert baker , prosecutors in douglas county , georgia , offered wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence , possibly to time served , and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record .
`` when it seems like you have everything , you know , you feel like you have no worries until it 's all gone , and i know what it feels like to be without and i do n't want to ever feel like that again , '' said the former honor student , football star and homecoming king . atlanta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- genarlow wilson , freed last week from a georgia prison , said he 's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors , even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier .
`` when it seems like you have everything , you know , you feel like you have no worries until it 's all gone , and i know what it feels like to be without and i do n't want to ever feel like that again , '' said the former honor student , football star and homecoming king . the 21-year-old , who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation , said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal .
according to georgia attorney general thurbert baker , prosecutors in douglas county , georgia , offered wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence , possibly to time served , and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record . atlanta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- genarlow wilson , freed last week from a georgia prison , said he 's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors , even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier .
according to georgia attorney general thurbert baker , prosecutors in douglas county , georgia , offered wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence , possibly to time served , and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record . the 21-year-old , who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation , said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal .
atlanta , georgia -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- genarlow wilson , freed last week from a georgia prison , said he 's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors , even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier . the 21-year-old , who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation , said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- behind the state banquet and smiles from queen elizabeth and british prime minister gordon brown , king abdullah of saudi arabia 's visit to london this week caused a wave of dissent . the contract between the kingdom and the uk ministry of defence via bae is worth over almost $ 10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $ 19 billion for the deployment , maintenance and training .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- behind the state banquet and smiles from queen elizabeth and british prime minister gordon brown , king abdullah of saudi arabia 's visit to london this week caused a wave of dissent . in 2007 , saudi arabian bank sabb predicts that uk exports to the kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $ 2.8 billion .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- behind the state banquet and smiles from queen elizabeth and british prime minister gordon brown , king abdullah of saudi arabia 's visit to london this week caused a wave of dissent . and just days before he arrived , the saudi king accused british officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in london on july 2005 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- behind the state banquet and smiles from queen elizabeth and british prime minister gordon brown , king abdullah of saudi arabia 's visit to london this week caused a wave of dissent . `` the biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 eurofighter typhoon jets that was sealed last week , '' says sfakianakis .
the contract between the kingdom and the uk ministry of defence via bae is worth over almost $ 10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $ 19 billion for the deployment , maintenance and training . in 2007 , saudi arabian bank sabb predicts that uk exports to the kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $ 2.8 billion .
the contract between the kingdom and the uk ministry of defence via bae is worth over almost $ 10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $ 19 billion for the deployment , maintenance and training . and just days before he arrived , the saudi king accused british officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in london on july 2005 .
the contract between the kingdom and the uk ministry of defence via bae is worth over almost $ 10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $ 19 billion for the deployment , maintenance and training . `` the biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 eurofighter typhoon jets that was sealed last week , '' says sfakianakis .
in 2007 , saudi arabian bank sabb predicts that uk exports to the kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $ 2.8 billion . and just days before he arrived , the saudi king accused british officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in london on july 2005 .
in 2007 , saudi arabian bank sabb predicts that uk exports to the kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $ 2.8 billion . `` the biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 eurofighter typhoon jets that was sealed last week , '' says sfakianakis .
and just days before he arrived , the saudi king accused british officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in london on july 2005 . `` the biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 eurofighter typhoon jets that was sealed last week , '' says sfakianakis .
at least 50 people were on the arrow stage lines bus when it crashed on state highway 163 , about five miles north of mexican hat , at 7:30 p.m. -lrb- 9:30 p.m. et -rrb- , said utah highway patrol trooper cameron roden . see where the crash occurred '' police said the bus lost control on a curve , ran off the road and rolled over several times , tumbling 41 feet down an embankment , according to the associated press .
at least 50 people were on the arrow stage lines bus when it crashed on state highway 163 , about five miles north of mexican hat , at 7:30 p.m. -lrb- 9:30 p.m. et -rrb- , said utah highway patrol trooper cameron roden . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over sunday night in southeastern utah , a highway patrol spokesman said .
at least 50 people were on the arrow stage lines bus when it crashed on state highway 163 , about five miles north of mexican hat , at 7:30 p.m. -lrb- 9:30 p.m. et -rrb- , said utah highway patrol trooper cameron roden . the salt lake tribune reported that ambulances from utah , colorado , arizona and new mexico responded to the accident , and a helicopter from colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms .
at least 50 people were on the arrow stage lines bus when it crashed on state highway 163 , about five miles north of mexican hat , at 7:30 p.m. -lrb- 9:30 p.m. et -rrb- , said utah highway patrol trooper cameron roden . the bus was traveling south from telluride , colorado , to phoenix , arizona , when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over , roden said .
see where the crash occurred '' police said the bus lost control on a curve , ran off the road and rolled over several times , tumbling 41 feet down an embankment , according to the associated press . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over sunday night in southeastern utah , a highway patrol spokesman said .
see where the crash occurred '' police said the bus lost control on a curve , ran off the road and rolled over several times , tumbling 41 feet down an embankment , according to the associated press . the salt lake tribune reported that ambulances from utah , colorado , arizona and new mexico responded to the accident , and a helicopter from colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms .
see where the crash occurred '' police said the bus lost control on a curve , ran off the road and rolled over several times , tumbling 41 feet down an embankment , according to the associated press . the bus was traveling south from telluride , colorado , to phoenix , arizona , when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over , roden said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over sunday night in southeastern utah , a highway patrol spokesman said . the salt lake tribune reported that ambulances from utah , colorado , arizona and new mexico responded to the accident , and a helicopter from colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over sunday night in southeastern utah , a highway patrol spokesman said . the bus was traveling south from telluride , colorado , to phoenix , arizona , when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over , roden said .
the salt lake tribune reported that ambulances from utah , colorado , arizona and new mexico responded to the accident , and a helicopter from colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms . the bus was traveling south from telluride , colorado , to phoenix , arizona , when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over , roden said .
he is feted by art dealers and artists , including damien hirst , but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the tate gallery in london and the metropolitan museum of art in new york . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- banksy is britain 's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars , but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas , while all the time keeping his identity a secret .
he is feted by art dealers and artists , including damien hirst , but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the tate gallery in london and the metropolitan museum of art in new york . some things are know : he 's originally from bristol , is around 30 years old and called robert or robin banks , but it 's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator .
he is feted by art dealers and artists , including damien hirst , but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the tate gallery in london and the metropolitan museum of art in new york . last week ten of his original pieces were sold at bonham 's auction house in london for over $ 1 million , while on the other side of the city tower hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets .
he is feted by art dealers and artists , including damien hirst , but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the tate gallery in london and the metropolitan museum of art in new york . his latest work painted on a wall in east london -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist 's response .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- banksy is britain 's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars , but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas , while all the time keeping his identity a secret . some things are know : he 's originally from bristol , is around 30 years old and called robert or robin banks , but it 's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- banksy is britain 's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars , but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas , while all the time keeping his identity a secret . last week ten of his original pieces were sold at bonham 's auction house in london for over $ 1 million , while on the other side of the city tower hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- banksy is britain 's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars , but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas , while all the time keeping his identity a secret . his latest work painted on a wall in east london -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist 's response .
some things are know : he 's originally from bristol , is around 30 years old and called robert or robin banks , but it 's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator . last week ten of his original pieces were sold at bonham 's auction house in london for over $ 1 million , while on the other side of the city tower hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets .
some things are know : he 's originally from bristol , is around 30 years old and called robert or robin banks , but it 's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator . his latest work painted on a wall in east london -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist 's response .
last week ten of his original pieces were sold at bonham 's auction house in london for over $ 1 million , while on the other side of the city tower hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets . his latest work painted on a wall in east london -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist 's response .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the garbage crisis in naples encompasses the worst italian clichs , and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula : mismanagement , political interference , mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere . incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished , either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job , or else because magistrates stopped the work , pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the garbage crisis in naples encompasses the worst italian clichs , and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula : mismanagement , political interference , mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere . as the crisis has worsened over the years , so the camorra 's profits , estimated now at around $ 1 billion -lrb- roughly $ 1.45 billion -rrb- , are alleged to have increased .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the garbage crisis in naples encompasses the worst italian clichs , and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula : mismanagement , political interference , mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere . the naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the garbage crisis in naples encompasses the worst italian clichs , and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula : mismanagement , political interference , mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere . there is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this : everybody is competent enough -lrb- to find a solution -rrb- but nobody is responsible -lrb- for actually carrying it out -rrb- .
incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished , either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job , or else because magistrates stopped the work , pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement . as the crisis has worsened over the years , so the camorra 's profits , estimated now at around $ 1 billion -lrb- roughly $ 1.45 billion -rrb- , are alleged to have increased .
incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished , either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job , or else because magistrates stopped the work , pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement . the naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation .
incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished , either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job , or else because magistrates stopped the work , pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement . there is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this : everybody is competent enough -lrb- to find a solution -rrb- but nobody is responsible -lrb- for actually carrying it out -rrb- .
as the crisis has worsened over the years , so the camorra 's profits , estimated now at around $ 1 billion -lrb- roughly $ 1.45 billion -rrb- , are alleged to have increased . the naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation .
as the crisis has worsened over the years , so the camorra 's profits , estimated now at around $ 1 billion -lrb- roughly $ 1.45 billion -rrb- , are alleged to have increased . there is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this : everybody is competent enough -lrb- to find a solution -rrb- but nobody is responsible -lrb- for actually carrying it out -rrb- .
the naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation . there is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this : everybody is competent enough -lrb- to find a solution -rrb- but nobody is responsible -lrb- for actually carrying it out -rrb- .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- debra lafave , the former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker , a florida judge found thursday . a tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court , prompting the prosecutor to observe , `` i think she 's accounted for . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- debra lafave , the former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker , a florida judge found thursday . lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in november 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- debra lafave , the former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker , a florida judge found thursday . watch lafave in the courtroom '' at the time , she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at danny boy 's , a small restaurant in the tampa , florida , area .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- debra lafave , the former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker , a florida judge found thursday . lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation .
a tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court , prompting the prosecutor to observe , `` i think she 's accounted for . '' lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in november 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation .
a tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court , prompting the prosecutor to observe , `` i think she 's accounted for . '' watch lafave in the courtroom '' at the time , she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at danny boy 's , a small restaurant in the tampa , florida , area .
a tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court , prompting the prosecutor to observe , `` i think she 's accounted for . '' lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation .
lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in november 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation . watch lafave in the courtroom '' at the time , she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at danny boy 's , a small restaurant in the tampa , florida , area .
lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in november 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation . lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation .
watch lafave in the courtroom '' at the time , she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at danny boy 's , a small restaurant in the tampa , florida , area . lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation .
according to most sources , the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a pig stand location in dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter , then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination . the twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory -- has been around for ages , but when chipshop owner christopher sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack , dip it in batter , and deep-fry it , the twinkie took gluttony to new heights .
according to most sources , the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a pig stand location in dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter , then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination . there are competing claims for the coveted `` inventor of the hamburger '' title , but according to louis ' lunch -lrb- and the library of congress , for that matter -rrb- , this small new haven restaurant takes the prize .
according to most sources , the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a pig stand location in dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter , then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination . a cab driver who ate at pat 's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich , and with the first bite declared , `` hey , forget ` bout those hot dogs , you should sell these ! ''
according to most sources , the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a pig stand location in dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter , then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination . then one night in 1997 , a hungry -lrb- and broke -rrb- student named darrell w. butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , french fries , and marinara sauce on a sandwich .
the twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory -- has been around for ages , but when chipshop owner christopher sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack , dip it in batter , and deep-fry it , the twinkie took gluttony to new heights . there are competing claims for the coveted `` inventor of the hamburger '' title , but according to louis ' lunch -lrb- and the library of congress , for that matter -rrb- , this small new haven restaurant takes the prize .
the twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory -- has been around for ages , but when chipshop owner christopher sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack , dip it in batter , and deep-fry it , the twinkie took gluttony to new heights . a cab driver who ate at pat 's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich , and with the first bite declared , `` hey , forget ` bout those hot dogs , you should sell these ! ''
the twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory -- has been around for ages , but when chipshop owner christopher sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack , dip it in batter , and deep-fry it , the twinkie took gluttony to new heights . then one night in 1997 , a hungry -lrb- and broke -rrb- student named darrell w. butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , french fries , and marinara sauce on a sandwich .
there are competing claims for the coveted `` inventor of the hamburger '' title , but according to louis ' lunch -lrb- and the library of congress , for that matter -rrb- , this small new haven restaurant takes the prize . a cab driver who ate at pat 's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich , and with the first bite declared , `` hey , forget ` bout those hot dogs , you should sell these ! ''
there are competing claims for the coveted `` inventor of the hamburger '' title , but according to louis ' lunch -lrb- and the library of congress , for that matter -rrb- , this small new haven restaurant takes the prize . then one night in 1997 , a hungry -lrb- and broke -rrb- student named darrell w. butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , french fries , and marinara sauce on a sandwich .
a cab driver who ate at pat 's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich , and with the first bite declared , `` hey , forget ` bout those hot dogs , you should sell these ! '' then one night in 1997 , a hungry -lrb- and broke -rrb- student named darrell w. butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , french fries , and marinara sauce on a sandwich .
rep. rahm emanuel , d-illinois , issued a statement saying , `` president bush 's rally this morning reminds us that congressional republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the bush agenda : no to children 's health care ; no to a new direction in iraq ; and no to investing in america 's future . watch bush describe what he thinks congress is doing wrong '' house majority leader steny hoyer , d-maryland , issued a statement calling bush `` the biggest obstacle '' to extending health coverage to `` 10 million low-income , working-class american children . ''
rep. rahm emanuel , d-illinois , issued a statement saying , `` president bush 's rally this morning reminds us that congressional republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the bush agenda : no to children 's health care ; no to a new direction in iraq ; and no to investing in america 's future . `` there are now reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the veterans and department of defense appropriations bills , and then add a bloated labor , health and education spending bill to both of them , '' he said .
rep. rahm emanuel , d-illinois , issued a statement saying , `` president bush 's rally this morning reminds us that congressional republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the bush agenda : no to children 's health care ; no to a new direction in iraq ; and no to investing in america 's future . jim manley , senior aide to senate majority leader harry reid , said , `` taking advice from president bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the american people is like taking hunting lessons from dick cheney .
rep. rahm emanuel , d-illinois , issued a statement saying , `` president bush 's rally this morning reminds us that congressional republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the bush agenda : no to children 's health care ; no to a new direction in iraq ; and no to investing in america 's future . `` the fact is , this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in american history , turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt , '' he said .
watch bush describe what he thinks congress is doing wrong '' house majority leader steny hoyer , d-maryland , issued a statement calling bush `` the biggest obstacle '' to extending health coverage to `` 10 million low-income , working-class american children . '' `` there are now reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the veterans and department of defense appropriations bills , and then add a bloated labor , health and education spending bill to both of them , '' he said .
watch bush describe what he thinks congress is doing wrong '' house majority leader steny hoyer , d-maryland , issued a statement calling bush `` the biggest obstacle '' to extending health coverage to `` 10 million low-income , working-class american children . '' jim manley , senior aide to senate majority leader harry reid , said , `` taking advice from president bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the american people is like taking hunting lessons from dick cheney .
watch bush describe what he thinks congress is doing wrong '' house majority leader steny hoyer , d-maryland , issued a statement calling bush `` the biggest obstacle '' to extending health coverage to `` 10 million low-income , working-class american children . '' `` the fact is , this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in american history , turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt , '' he said .
`` there are now reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the veterans and department of defense appropriations bills , and then add a bloated labor , health and education spending bill to both of them , '' he said . jim manley , senior aide to senate majority leader harry reid , said , `` taking advice from president bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the american people is like taking hunting lessons from dick cheney .
`` there are now reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the veterans and department of defense appropriations bills , and then add a bloated labor , health and education spending bill to both of them , '' he said . `` the fact is , this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in american history , turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt , '' he said .
jim manley , senior aide to senate majority leader harry reid , said , `` taking advice from president bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the american people is like taking hunting lessons from dick cheney . `` the fact is , this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in american history , turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt , '' he said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a philadelphia , pennsylvania , police officer last week was captured at a shelter in miami , florida , on tuesday , philadelphia police commissioner sylvester johnson said at a news conference . acting on information from miami rescue mission , officers went to a homeless shelter where they found lewis , `` who was pretty easy to spot as he 's 6 feet , 270 pounds , '' timoney said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a philadelphia , pennsylvania , police officer last week was captured at a shelter in miami , florida , on tuesday , philadelphia police commissioner sylvester johnson said at a news conference . miami police chief john timoney said he had been alerted by philadelphia police that the suspect , john lewis , had taken a miami-bound bus from philadelphia .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a philadelphia , pennsylvania , police officer last week was captured at a shelter in miami , florida , on tuesday , philadelphia police commissioner sylvester johnson said at a news conference . the associated press reported that lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges , which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a philadelphia , pennsylvania , police officer last week was captured at a shelter in miami , florida , on tuesday , philadelphia police commissioner sylvester johnson said at a news conference . miami police officer gil gonzalez said lewis `` had a bible and was praying when we went to get him .
acting on information from miami rescue mission , officers went to a homeless shelter where they found lewis , `` who was pretty easy to spot as he 's 6 feet , 270 pounds , '' timoney said . miami police chief john timoney said he had been alerted by philadelphia police that the suspect , john lewis , had taken a miami-bound bus from philadelphia .
acting on information from miami rescue mission , officers went to a homeless shelter where they found lewis , `` who was pretty easy to spot as he 's 6 feet , 270 pounds , '' timoney said . the associated press reported that lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges , which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program .
acting on information from miami rescue mission , officers went to a homeless shelter where they found lewis , `` who was pretty easy to spot as he 's 6 feet , 270 pounds , '' timoney said . miami police officer gil gonzalez said lewis `` had a bible and was praying when we went to get him .
miami police chief john timoney said he had been alerted by philadelphia police that the suspect , john lewis , had taken a miami-bound bus from philadelphia . the associated press reported that lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges , which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program .
miami police chief john timoney said he had been alerted by philadelphia police that the suspect , john lewis , had taken a miami-bound bus from philadelphia . miami police officer gil gonzalez said lewis `` had a bible and was praying when we went to get him .
the associated press reported that lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges , which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program . miami police officer gil gonzalez said lewis `` had a bible and was praying when we went to get him .
`` to date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , '' the warning advised . u.s. and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u.n.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy .
`` to date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , '' the warning advised . see how piracy is worse than 2006 '' on monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the islamic movement that seized control of mogadishu in 2006 .
`` to date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , '' the warning advised . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u.s. navy reported tuesday .
`` to date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , '' the warning advised . in june , the ship uss carter hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked danish cargo ship off somalia , but the american vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered somali waters .
u.s. and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u.n.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy . see how piracy is worse than 2006 '' on monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the islamic movement that seized control of mogadishu in 2006 .
u.s. and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u.n.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u.s. navy reported tuesday .
u.s. and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u.n.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy . in june , the ship uss carter hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked danish cargo ship off somalia , but the american vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered somali waters .
see how piracy is worse than 2006 '' on monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the islamic movement that seized control of mogadishu in 2006 . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u.s. navy reported tuesday .
see how piracy is worse than 2006 '' on monday , the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the islamic movement that seized control of mogadishu in 2006 . in june , the ship uss carter hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked danish cargo ship off somalia , but the american vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered somali waters .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u.s. navy reported tuesday . in june , the ship uss carter hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked danish cargo ship off somalia , but the american vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered somali waters .
earlier this month russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the pacific island of guam , where the u.s. military has a base , and `` exchanged smiles '' with u.s. pilots scrambled to track them . `` today , august 17 at 00:00 hours , 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country , along with support and refueling aircraft ... from today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis .
earlier this month russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the pacific island of guam , where the u.s. military has a base , and `` exchanged smiles '' with u.s. pilots scrambled to track them . `` we have decided to restore flights by russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis , '' putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with china and four central asian states in russia 's ural mountains .
earlier this month russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the pacific island of guam , where the u.s. military has a base , and `` exchanged smiles '' with u.s. pilots scrambled to track them . as putin spoke to reporters and television cameras , four russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while russian tanks trundled behind him , even though the exercises had ended long before .
earlier this month russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the pacific island of guam , where the u.s. military has a base , and `` exchanged smiles '' with u.s. pilots scrambled to track them . chebarkul , russia -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- president vladimir putin said on friday security threats had forced russia to revive the soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders .
`` today , august 17 at 00:00 hours , 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country , along with support and refueling aircraft ... from today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis . `` we have decided to restore flights by russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis , '' putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with china and four central asian states in russia 's ural mountains .
`` today , august 17 at 00:00 hours , 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country , along with support and refueling aircraft ... from today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis . as putin spoke to reporters and television cameras , four russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while russian tanks trundled behind him , even though the exercises had ended long before .
`` today , august 17 at 00:00 hours , 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country , along with support and refueling aircraft ... from today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis . chebarkul , russia -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- president vladimir putin said on friday security threats had forced russia to revive the soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders .
`` we have decided to restore flights by russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis , '' putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with china and four central asian states in russia 's ural mountains . as putin spoke to reporters and television cameras , four russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while russian tanks trundled behind him , even though the exercises had ended long before .
`` we have decided to restore flights by russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis , '' putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with china and four central asian states in russia 's ural mountains . chebarkul , russia -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- president vladimir putin said on friday security threats had forced russia to revive the soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders .
as putin spoke to reporters and television cameras , four russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while russian tanks trundled behind him , even though the exercises had ended long before . chebarkul , russia -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- president vladimir putin said on friday security threats had forced russia to revive the soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
`` while there is no information at this time that other american or western interests in azerbaijan are being targeted , the u.s. embassy encourages americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , '' it said . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u.s. officials said . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn .
the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u.s. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan 's national security ministry told cnn . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u.s. officials told cnn . `` there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u.s. embassy there , '' mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
`` when i look at the people i 've admired over the years , the ultimate stars , like frank sinatra , cary grant and astaire , the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency , whose naturalness is part of their excitement . for four decades no other designer has had a greater impact , not only on the way american men and women dress but also on the way they imagine , seek and indulge in the good life , than the former tie salesman from the bronx .
`` when i look at the people i 've admired over the years , the ultimate stars , like frank sinatra , cary grant and astaire , the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency , whose naturalness is part of their excitement . see his designs '' in the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after marco polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of lauren 's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial .
`` when i look at the people i 've admired over the years , the ultimate stars , like frank sinatra , cary grant and astaire , the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency , whose naturalness is part of their excitement . lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire , not just to be a success but to look like one before you 'd even achieved your goal .
`` when i look at the people i 've admired over the years , the ultimate stars , like frank sinatra , cary grant and astaire , the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency , whose naturalness is part of their excitement . because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony , lauren originally named his company polo because `` it was the sport of kings .
for four decades no other designer has had a greater impact , not only on the way american men and women dress but also on the way they imagine , seek and indulge in the good life , than the former tie salesman from the bronx . see his designs '' in the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after marco polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of lauren 's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial .
for four decades no other designer has had a greater impact , not only on the way american men and women dress but also on the way they imagine , seek and indulge in the good life , than the former tie salesman from the bronx . lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire , not just to be a success but to look like one before you 'd even achieved your goal .
for four decades no other designer has had a greater impact , not only on the way american men and women dress but also on the way they imagine , seek and indulge in the good life , than the former tie salesman from the bronx . because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony , lauren originally named his company polo because `` it was the sport of kings .
see his designs '' in the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after marco polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of lauren 's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial . lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire , not just to be a success but to look like one before you 'd even achieved your goal .
see his designs '' in the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after marco polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of lauren 's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial . because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony , lauren originally named his company polo because `` it was the sport of kings .
lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire , not just to be a success but to look like one before you 'd even achieved your goal . because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony , lauren originally named his company polo because `` it was the sport of kings .
like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin , the tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that wo n't bust a first-time buyer 's wallet , though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they 're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats . los angeles , california -- one of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that does n't scream `` first-time '' to friends , relatives and co-workers , or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase .
like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin , the tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that wo n't bust a first-time buyer 's wallet , though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they 're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats . some might of course call us heretics for picking a v6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the gt package but , to be honest , the v6 performs admirably , pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful .
like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin , the tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that wo n't bust a first-time buyer 's wallet , though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they 're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats . to break from the boring econobox , here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $ 20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner .
like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin , the tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that wo n't bust a first-time buyer 's wallet , though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they 're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats . a bona-fide pocket rocket , any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the mazdaspeed3 , part of the asian carmaker 's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from european carmakers .
los angeles , california -- one of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that does n't scream `` first-time '' to friends , relatives and co-workers , or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase . some might of course call us heretics for picking a v6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the gt package but , to be honest , the v6 performs admirably , pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful .
los angeles , california -- one of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that does n't scream `` first-time '' to friends , relatives and co-workers , or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase . to break from the boring econobox , here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $ 20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner .
los angeles , california -- one of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that does n't scream `` first-time '' to friends , relatives and co-workers , or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase . a bona-fide pocket rocket , any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the mazdaspeed3 , part of the asian carmaker 's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from european carmakers .
some might of course call us heretics for picking a v6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the gt package but , to be honest , the v6 performs admirably , pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful . to break from the boring econobox , here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $ 20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner .
some might of course call us heretics for picking a v6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the gt package but , to be honest , the v6 performs admirably , pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful . a bona-fide pocket rocket , any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the mazdaspeed3 , part of the asian carmaker 's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from european carmakers .
to break from the boring econobox , here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $ 20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner . a bona-fide pocket rocket , any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the mazdaspeed3 , part of the asian carmaker 's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from european carmakers .
`` we should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for iraq , or their ambitions in the gulf region , '' gates said in a speech to the jewish institute for national security affairs . speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the u.s. planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported .
`` we should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for iraq , or their ambitions in the gulf region , '' gates said in a speech to the jewish institute for national security affairs . putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the u.s. pressure , '' said alexander pikayev , an expert on iran with russia 's institute for world economy and international relations , in a report carried by ap .
`` we should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for iraq , or their ambitions in the gulf region , '' gates said in a speech to the jewish institute for national security affairs . on monday , u.s. defense secretary robert gates reiterated the bush administration 's stance that `` all options '' must be kept `` on the table '' in confronting the threats posed by iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time u.s. adversary .
`` we should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for iraq , or their ambitions in the gulf region , '' gates said in a speech to the jewish institute for national security affairs . tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since 1943 .
speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the u.s. planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported . putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the u.s. pressure , '' said alexander pikayev , an expert on iran with russia 's institute for world economy and international relations , in a report carried by ap .
speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the u.s. planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported . on monday , u.s. defense secretary robert gates reiterated the bush administration 's stance that `` all options '' must be kept `` on the table '' in confronting the threats posed by iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time u.s. adversary .
speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the u.s. planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported . tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since 1943 .
putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the u.s. pressure , '' said alexander pikayev , an expert on iran with russia 's institute for world economy and international relations , in a report carried by ap . on monday , u.s. defense secretary robert gates reiterated the bush administration 's stance that `` all options '' must be kept `` on the table '' in confronting the threats posed by iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time u.s. adversary .
putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the u.s. pressure , '' said alexander pikayev , an expert on iran with russia 's institute for world economy and international relations , in a report carried by ap . tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since 1943 .
on monday , u.s. defense secretary robert gates reiterated the bush administration 's stance that `` all options '' must be kept `` on the table '' in confronting the threats posed by iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time u.s. adversary . tehran , iran -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since 1943 .
a recent report from the department of state stated that in 2007 blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone , areas outside the green zone in iraq , and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged , or less than 3 percent of all movements . the worldwide personnel protection services contract , which has been provided to this committee , was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance , including the hiring , vetting guidelines , background checks , screening , training standards , rules of force and conduct standards .
a recent report from the department of state stated that in 2007 blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone , areas outside the green zone in iraq , and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged , or less than 3 percent of all movements . chairman -lsb- henry -rsb- waxman , -lsb- d-california -rsb- , congressman -lsb- thomas -rsb- davis , -lsb- r-virginia -rsb- , members of the committee , my name is eric prince , and i am the chairman and ceo of the prince group and blackwater usa .
a recent report from the department of state stated that in 2007 blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone , areas outside the green zone in iraq , and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged , or less than 3 percent of all movements . after 9/11 , when the u.s. began its stabilization efforts in afghanistan and then iraq , the united states government called upon blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas .
a recent report from the department of state stated that in 2007 blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone , areas outside the green zone in iraq , and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged , or less than 3 percent of all movements . any incident where americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep american officials and dignitaries safe , including visiting members of congress .
the worldwide personnel protection services contract , which has been provided to this committee , was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance , including the hiring , vetting guidelines , background checks , screening , training standards , rules of force and conduct standards . chairman -lsb- henry -rsb- waxman , -lsb- d-california -rsb- , congressman -lsb- thomas -rsb- davis , -lsb- r-virginia -rsb- , members of the committee , my name is eric prince , and i am the chairman and ceo of the prince group and blackwater usa .
the worldwide personnel protection services contract , which has been provided to this committee , was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance , including the hiring , vetting guidelines , background checks , screening , training standards , rules of force and conduct standards . after 9/11 , when the u.s. began its stabilization efforts in afghanistan and then iraq , the united states government called upon blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas .
the worldwide personnel protection services contract , which has been provided to this committee , was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance , including the hiring , vetting guidelines , background checks , screening , training standards , rules of force and conduct standards . any incident where americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep american officials and dignitaries safe , including visiting members of congress .
chairman -lsb- henry -rsb- waxman , -lsb- d-california -rsb- , congressman -lsb- thomas -rsb- davis , -lsb- r-virginia -rsb- , members of the committee , my name is eric prince , and i am the chairman and ceo of the prince group and blackwater usa . after 9/11 , when the u.s. began its stabilization efforts in afghanistan and then iraq , the united states government called upon blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas .
chairman -lsb- henry -rsb- waxman , -lsb- d-california -rsb- , congressman -lsb- thomas -rsb- davis , -lsb- r-virginia -rsb- , members of the committee , my name is eric prince , and i am the chairman and ceo of the prince group and blackwater usa . any incident where americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep american officials and dignitaries safe , including visiting members of congress .
after 9/11 , when the u.s. began its stabilization efforts in afghanistan and then iraq , the united states government called upon blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas . any incident where americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep american officials and dignitaries safe , including visiting members of congress .
`` the most i can do is to continue to be there , because that is his greatest fear -- that , you know , another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he 'd been exposed to all his life , '' said albarus-lindo , who has spent hundreds of hours with malvo since his arrest and conviction . according to social worker carmeta albarus-lindo , malvo is a changed person since he and john allen muhammad terrorized the washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period .
`` the most i can do is to continue to be there , because that is his greatest fear -- that , you know , another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he 'd been exposed to all his life , '' said albarus-lindo , who has spent hundreds of hours with malvo since his arrest and conviction . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sniper lee boyd malvo said in a letter to cnn that he is still `` grappling with shame , guilt , remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible . ''
`` the most i can do is to continue to be there , because that is his greatest fear -- that , you know , another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he 'd been exposed to all his life , '' said albarus-lindo , who has spent hundreds of hours with malvo since his arrest and conviction . vicki buchanan snyder , whose brother james `` sonny '' buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a maryland auto dealership , said she was `` satisfied '' with the jury 's verdict .
`` the most i can do is to continue to be there , because that is his greatest fear -- that , you know , another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he 'd been exposed to all his life , '' said albarus-lindo , who has spent hundreds of hours with malvo since his arrest and conviction . read the letter '' she said one of those `` parental '' figures was muhammad , who met malvo in the caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002 .
according to social worker carmeta albarus-lindo , malvo is a changed person since he and john allen muhammad terrorized the washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sniper lee boyd malvo said in a letter to cnn that he is still `` grappling with shame , guilt , remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible . ''
according to social worker carmeta albarus-lindo , malvo is a changed person since he and john allen muhammad terrorized the washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period . vicki buchanan snyder , whose brother james `` sonny '' buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a maryland auto dealership , said she was `` satisfied '' with the jury 's verdict .
according to social worker carmeta albarus-lindo , malvo is a changed person since he and john allen muhammad terrorized the washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period . read the letter '' she said one of those `` parental '' figures was muhammad , who met malvo in the caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002 .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sniper lee boyd malvo said in a letter to cnn that he is still `` grappling with shame , guilt , remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible . '' vicki buchanan snyder , whose brother james `` sonny '' buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a maryland auto dealership , said she was `` satisfied '' with the jury 's verdict .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sniper lee boyd malvo said in a letter to cnn that he is still `` grappling with shame , guilt , remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible . '' read the letter '' she said one of those `` parental '' figures was muhammad , who met malvo in the caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002 .
vicki buchanan snyder , whose brother james `` sonny '' buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a maryland auto dealership , said she was `` satisfied '' with the jury 's verdict . read the letter '' she said one of those `` parental '' figures was muhammad , who met malvo in the caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002 .
watch cnn 's bill schneider on the latest poll numbers '' `` clinton 's strength is about where it was throughout the summer , indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that obama has not yet cut into her core constituency , '' cnn political director keating holland said . as the countdown begins to november 4 , 2008 , the new york democrat continues to dominate the race for the democratic presidential nomination , and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the gop front-runner , former new york mayor rudy giuliani .
watch cnn 's bill schneider on the latest poll numbers '' `` clinton 's strength is about where it was throughout the summer , indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that obama has not yet cut into her core constituency , '' cnn political director keating holland said . `` the overall political environment seems to favor the democrats , partly because democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood , which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party , '' holland said .
watch cnn 's bill schneider on the latest poll numbers '' `` clinton 's strength is about where it was throughout the summer , indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that obama has not yet cut into her core constituency , '' cnn political director keating holland said . during last week 's democratic debate , clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow democratic presidential rivals , who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the iowa caucus in early january .
watch cnn 's bill schneider on the latest poll numbers '' `` clinton 's strength is about where it was throughout the summer , indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that obama has not yet cut into her core constituency , '' cnn political director keating holland said . `` we desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in washington that 's become broken , corruption has crept into it , and we have to tell the truth about that , '' edwards said monday .
as the countdown begins to november 4 , 2008 , the new york democrat continues to dominate the race for the democratic presidential nomination , and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the gop front-runner , former new york mayor rudy giuliani . `` the overall political environment seems to favor the democrats , partly because democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood , which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party , '' holland said .
as the countdown begins to november 4 , 2008 , the new york democrat continues to dominate the race for the democratic presidential nomination , and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the gop front-runner , former new york mayor rudy giuliani . during last week 's democratic debate , clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow democratic presidential rivals , who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the iowa caucus in early january .
as the countdown begins to november 4 , 2008 , the new york democrat continues to dominate the race for the democratic presidential nomination , and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the gop front-runner , former new york mayor rudy giuliani . `` we desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in washington that 's become broken , corruption has crept into it , and we have to tell the truth about that , '' edwards said monday .
`` the overall political environment seems to favor the democrats , partly because democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood , which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party , '' holland said . during last week 's democratic debate , clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow democratic presidential rivals , who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the iowa caucus in early january .
`` the overall political environment seems to favor the democrats , partly because democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood , which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party , '' holland said . `` we desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in washington that 's become broken , corruption has crept into it , and we have to tell the truth about that , '' edwards said monday .
during last week 's democratic debate , clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow democratic presidential rivals , who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the iowa caucus in early january . `` we desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in washington that 's become broken , corruption has crept into it , and we have to tell the truth about that , '' edwards said monday .
strikers : antonio di natale -lrb- udinese -rrb- , alberto gilardino -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , vincenzo iaquinta -lrb- juventus -rrb- , cristiano lucarelli -lrb- shakhtar donetsk -rrb- , raffaele palladino -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio quagliarella -lrb- udinese -rrb- , luca toni -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- e-mail to a friend .
 defenders : andrea barzagli -lrb- palermo -rrb- , daniele bonera -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , fabio cannavaro -lrb- real madrid -rrb- , giorgio chiellini -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio grosso -lrb- lyon -rrb- , massimo oddo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , christian panucci -lrb- roma -rrb- , gianluca zambrotta -lrb- barcelona -rrb- .
strikers : antonio di natale -lrb- udinese -rrb- , alberto gilardino -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , vincenzo iaquinta -lrb- juventus -rrb- , cristiano lucarelli -lrb- shakhtar donetsk -rrb- , raffaele palladino -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio quagliarella -lrb- udinese -rrb- , luca toni -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- e-mail to a friend .
 the shakhtar donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month 's friendly against south africa , when he scored twice in the world champions ' victory .
strikers : antonio di natale -lrb- udinese -rrb- , alberto gilardino -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , vincenzo iaquinta -lrb- juventus -rrb- , cristiano lucarelli -lrb- shakhtar donetsk -rrb- , raffaele palladino -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio quagliarella -lrb- udinese -rrb- , luca toni -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- e-mail to a friend .
 while donadoni has again left out veteran forwards filippo inzaghi and alessandro del piero , he has handed juventus striker and italy under-21 international raffaele palladino his first call-up to the senior squad .
strikers : antonio di natale -lrb- udinese -rrb- , alberto gilardino -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , vincenzo iaquinta -lrb- juventus -rrb- , cristiano lucarelli -lrb- shakhtar donetsk -rrb- , raffaele palladino -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio quagliarella -lrb- udinese -rrb- , luca toni -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- e-mail to a friend .
 midfielders : massimo ambrosini -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , mauro camoranesi -lrb- juventus -rrb- , daniele de rossi -lrb- roma -rrb- , gennaro gattuso -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , simone perrotta -lrb- roma -rrb- , andrea pirlo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- .
defenders : andrea barzagli -lrb- palermo -rrb- , daniele bonera -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , fabio cannavaro -lrb- real madrid -rrb- , giorgio chiellini -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio grosso -lrb- lyon -rrb- , massimo oddo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , christian panucci -lrb- roma -rrb- , gianluca zambrotta -lrb- barcelona -rrb- . the shakhtar donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month 's friendly against south africa , when he scored twice in the world champions ' victory .
defenders : andrea barzagli -lrb- palermo -rrb- , daniele bonera -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , fabio cannavaro -lrb- real madrid -rrb- , giorgio chiellini -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio grosso -lrb- lyon -rrb- , massimo oddo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , christian panucci -lrb- roma -rrb- , gianluca zambrotta -lrb- barcelona -rrb- . while donadoni has again left out veteran forwards filippo inzaghi and alessandro del piero , he has handed juventus striker and italy under-21 international raffaele palladino his first call-up to the senior squad .
defenders : andrea barzagli -lrb- palermo -rrb- , daniele bonera -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , fabio cannavaro -lrb- real madrid -rrb- , giorgio chiellini -lrb- juventus -rrb- , fabio grosso -lrb- lyon -rrb- , massimo oddo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , christian panucci -lrb- roma -rrb- , gianluca zambrotta -lrb- barcelona -rrb- . midfielders : massimo ambrosini -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , mauro camoranesi -lrb- juventus -rrb- , daniele de rossi -lrb- roma -rrb- , gennaro gattuso -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , simone perrotta -lrb- roma -rrb- , andrea pirlo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- .
the shakhtar donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month 's friendly against south africa , when he scored twice in the world champions ' victory . while donadoni has again left out veteran forwards filippo inzaghi and alessandro del piero , he has handed juventus striker and italy under-21 international raffaele palladino his first call-up to the senior squad .
the shakhtar donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month 's friendly against south africa , when he scored twice in the world champions ' victory . midfielders : massimo ambrosini -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , mauro camoranesi -lrb- juventus -rrb- , daniele de rossi -lrb- roma -rrb- , gennaro gattuso -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , simone perrotta -lrb- roma -rrb- , andrea pirlo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- .
while donadoni has again left out veteran forwards filippo inzaghi and alessandro del piero , he has handed juventus striker and italy under-21 international raffaele palladino his first call-up to the senior squad . midfielders : massimo ambrosini -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , mauro camoranesi -lrb- juventus -rrb- , daniele de rossi -lrb- roma -rrb- , gennaro gattuso -lrb- ac milan -rrb- , simone perrotta -lrb- roma -rrb- , andrea pirlo -lrb- ac milan -rrb- .
after his emergency talks in chad , sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a european force to protect refugees from sudan 's darfur region who have fled to chad and the neighboring central african republic . watch the freed europeans leave chad '' in a joint news conference with spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero on sunday at madrid 's torrejon air force base , sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released .
after his emergency talks in chad , sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a european force to protect refugees from sudan 's darfur region who have fled to chad and the neighboring central african republic . the children are staying in an abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children , their youth , and the volatile situation in the region .
after his emergency talks in chad , sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a european force to protect refugees from sudan 's darfur region who have fled to chad and the neighboring central african republic . zoe 's ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn .
after his emergency talks in chad , sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a european force to protect refugees from sudan 's darfur region who have fled to chad and the neighboring central african republic . the charity says that the children were orphans from the darfur region -- where the united nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in france .
watch the freed europeans leave chad '' in a joint news conference with spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero on sunday at madrid 's torrejon air force base , sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released . the children are staying in an abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children , their youth , and the volatile situation in the region .
watch the freed europeans leave chad '' in a joint news conference with spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero on sunday at madrid 's torrejon air force base , sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released . zoe 's ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn .
watch the freed europeans leave chad '' in a joint news conference with spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero on sunday at madrid 's torrejon air force base , sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released . the charity says that the children were orphans from the darfur region -- where the united nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in france .
the children are staying in an abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children , their youth , and the volatile situation in the region . zoe 's ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn .
the children are staying in an abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children , their youth , and the volatile situation in the region . the charity says that the children were orphans from the darfur region -- where the united nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in france .
zoe 's ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn . the charity says that the children were orphans from the darfur region -- where the united nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in france .
ac milan keeper dida was handed a two-match ban , subsequently reduced to one on appeal , after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the brazilian in the face . brown , who has been passed fit for scotland 's euro 2008 qualifier against italy , said straight after the benfica match : `` he obviously tried to do me as hard as possible . ''
ac milan keeper dida was handed a two-match ban , subsequently reduced to one on appeal , after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the brazilian in the face . scotland international brown avoided injury , but claimed binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that europe 's governing body take further action .
ac milan keeper dida was handed a two-match ban , subsequently reduced to one on appeal , after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the brazilian in the face . binya , 24 , apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee martin hansson of sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match .
ac milan keeper dida was handed a two-match ban , subsequently reduced to one on appeal , after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the brazilian in the face . the suspension will also carry over to future seasons if , as seems likely , benfica finish bottom of group d and bow out of europe for this campaign .
brown , who has been passed fit for scotland 's euro 2008 qualifier against italy , said straight after the benfica match : `` he obviously tried to do me as hard as possible . '' scotland international brown avoided injury , but claimed binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that europe 's governing body take further action .
brown , who has been passed fit for scotland 's euro 2008 qualifier against italy , said straight after the benfica match : `` he obviously tried to do me as hard as possible . '' binya , 24 , apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee martin hansson of sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match .
brown , who has been passed fit for scotland 's euro 2008 qualifier against italy , said straight after the benfica match : `` he obviously tried to do me as hard as possible . '' the suspension will also carry over to future seasons if , as seems likely , benfica finish bottom of group d and bow out of europe for this campaign .
scotland international brown avoided injury , but claimed binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that europe 's governing body take further action . binya , 24 , apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee martin hansson of sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match .
scotland international brown avoided injury , but claimed binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that europe 's governing body take further action . the suspension will also carry over to future seasons if , as seems likely , benfica finish bottom of group d and bow out of europe for this campaign .
binya , 24 , apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee martin hansson of sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match . the suspension will also carry over to future seasons if , as seems likely , benfica finish bottom of group d and bow out of europe for this campaign .
watch how simpson wound up in jail '' `` when i tell you , mr. simpson , there are conditions and there are rules , let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you 'll be back , locked up in the clark county detention center ; do you understand me ? '' the bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $ 40 filing fee to allow simpson to leave the detention center , although he said he had a power of attorney for simpson 's florida home but never filed a lien on it .
watch how simpson wound up in jail '' `` when i tell you , mr. simpson , there are conditions and there are rules , let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you 'll be back , locked up in the clark county detention center ; do you understand me ? '' according to earlier testimony , beardsley and fromong were offering more than 600 simpson-related items for sale , including ties simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend ron goldman .
watch how simpson wound up in jail '' `` when i tell you , mr. simpson , there are conditions and there are rules , let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you 'll be back , locked up in the clark county detention center ; do you understand me ? '' glass was adamant that simpson remain in the clark county detention center until 15 percent of the $ 250,000 is paid in full -- $ 37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that simpson never paid any part of his previous $ 125,000 bail .
watch how simpson wound up in jail '' `` when i tell you , mr. simpson , there are conditions and there are rules , let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you 'll be back , locked up in the clark county detention center ; do you understand me ? '' the original bail bondsman -- miguel pereira of florida-based you ring , we spring -- testified wednesday that the former football player did n't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in september .
the bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $ 40 filing fee to allow simpson to leave the detention center , although he said he had a power of attorney for simpson 's florida home but never filed a lien on it . according to earlier testimony , beardsley and fromong were offering more than 600 simpson-related items for sale , including ties simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend ron goldman .
the bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $ 40 filing fee to allow simpson to leave the detention center , although he said he had a power of attorney for simpson 's florida home but never filed a lien on it . glass was adamant that simpson remain in the clark county detention center until 15 percent of the $ 250,000 is paid in full -- $ 37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that simpson never paid any part of his previous $ 125,000 bail .
the bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $ 40 filing fee to allow simpson to leave the detention center , although he said he had a power of attorney for simpson 's florida home but never filed a lien on it . the original bail bondsman -- miguel pereira of florida-based you ring , we spring -- testified wednesday that the former football player did n't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in september .
according to earlier testimony , beardsley and fromong were offering more than 600 simpson-related items for sale , including ties simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend ron goldman . glass was adamant that simpson remain in the clark county detention center until 15 percent of the $ 250,000 is paid in full -- $ 37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that simpson never paid any part of his previous $ 125,000 bail .
according to earlier testimony , beardsley and fromong were offering more than 600 simpson-related items for sale , including ties simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend ron goldman . the original bail bondsman -- miguel pereira of florida-based you ring , we spring -- testified wednesday that the former football player did n't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in september .
glass was adamant that simpson remain in the clark county detention center until 15 percent of the $ 250,000 is paid in full -- $ 37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that simpson never paid any part of his previous $ 125,000 bail . the original bail bondsman -- miguel pereira of florida-based you ring , we spring -- testified wednesday that the former football player did n't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in september .
the grounding forced central command to use other air force , navy and french fighters to fill the gaps , though strike eagles did fly to support troops in battle in afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders , according to central command reports . the investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and air force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete , an air force spokesperson said .
the grounding forced central command to use other air force , navy and french fighters to fill the gaps , though strike eagles did fly to support troops in battle in afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders , according to central command reports . the e-model aircraft , the youngest and most sophisticated in the f-15 inventory , is heavily used by central command for ground support in the u.s.-led wars in iraq and afghanistan .
the grounding forced central command to use other air force , navy and french fighters to fill the gaps , though strike eagles did fly to support troops in battle in afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders , according to central command reports . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the air force is returning f-15e strike eagle jets to service over iraq and afghanistan after grounding other f-15s , the air force said wednesday .
the grounding forced central command to use other air force , navy and french fighters to fill the gaps , though strike eagles did fly to support troops in battle in afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders , according to central command reports . air force officials said the rest of the almost 500 f-15s -- older airframes than the f-15es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened .
the investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and air force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete , an air force spokesperson said . the e-model aircraft , the youngest and most sophisticated in the f-15 inventory , is heavily used by central command for ground support in the u.s.-led wars in iraq and afghanistan .
the investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and air force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete , an air force spokesperson said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the air force is returning f-15e strike eagle jets to service over iraq and afghanistan after grounding other f-15s , the air force said wednesday .
the investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and air force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete , an air force spokesperson said . air force officials said the rest of the almost 500 f-15s -- older airframes than the f-15es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened .
the e-model aircraft , the youngest and most sophisticated in the f-15 inventory , is heavily used by central command for ground support in the u.s.-led wars in iraq and afghanistan . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the air force is returning f-15e strike eagle jets to service over iraq and afghanistan after grounding other f-15s , the air force said wednesday .
the e-model aircraft , the youngest and most sophisticated in the f-15 inventory , is heavily used by central command for ground support in the u.s.-led wars in iraq and afghanistan . air force officials said the rest of the almost 500 f-15s -- older airframes than the f-15es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the air force is returning f-15e strike eagle jets to service over iraq and afghanistan after grounding other f-15s , the air force said wednesday . air force officials said the rest of the almost 500 f-15s -- older airframes than the f-15es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sixth u.s. service member died friday from injuries sustained when a black hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern italy on thursday , the u.s. military in europe said . police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the piave river north of treviso , between the towns of maserata sul piave and santa lucia di piave .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sixth u.s. service member died friday from injuries sustained when a black hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern italy on thursday , the u.s. military in europe said . ansa said the helicopter had taken off from aviano air base , but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sixth u.s. service member died friday from injuries sustained when a black hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern italy on thursday , the u.s. military in europe said . italy 's ansa news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a sixth u.s. service member died friday from injuries sustained when a black hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern italy on thursday , the u.s. military in europe said . four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash , and two of the injured later died , the u.s. military said .
police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the piave river north of treviso , between the towns of maserata sul piave and santa lucia di piave . ansa said the helicopter had taken off from aviano air base , but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base .
police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the piave river north of treviso , between the towns of maserata sul piave and santa lucia di piave . italy 's ansa news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution .
police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the piave river north of treviso , between the towns of maserata sul piave and santa lucia di piave . four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash , and two of the injured later died , the u.s. military said .
ansa said the helicopter had taken off from aviano air base , but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base . italy 's ansa news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution .
ansa said the helicopter had taken off from aviano air base , but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base . four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash , and two of the injured later died , the u.s. military said .
italy 's ansa news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution . four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash , and two of the injured later died , the u.s. military said .
in a veiled swipe at clinton , obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer `` something new , as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we 've become so accustomed to , that frankly the american people are sick of . '' `` in this next phase , we want to make sure that voters understand that on big issues , like the decision to go into the war in iraq , i had real differences with the other candidates , and that reflects on my judgment . ''
in a veiled swipe at clinton , obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer `` something new , as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we 've become so accustomed to , that frankly the american people are sick of . '' while clinton was campaigning sunday in new hampton , iowa , an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the iran measure and asked why she had n't learned from past `` mistakes . ''
in a veiled swipe at clinton , obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer `` something new , as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we 've become so accustomed to , that frankly the american people are sick of . '' `` we know that there was embodied in this legislation , or this resolution sent to the senate , language that would say our iraqi troop structures should in part be determined by our desire to deal with iran , '' obama said .
in a veiled swipe at clinton , obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer `` something new , as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we 've become so accustomed to , that frankly the american people are sick of . '' washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sen. barack obama on thursday criticized a recent vote by democratic presidential rival sen. hillary clinton as helping to give president bush a `` blank check '' to take military action against iran .
`` in this next phase , we want to make sure that voters understand that on big issues , like the decision to go into the war in iraq , i had real differences with the other candidates , and that reflects on my judgment . '' while clinton was campaigning sunday in new hampton , iowa , an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the iran measure and asked why she had n't learned from past `` mistakes . ''
`` in this next phase , we want to make sure that voters understand that on big issues , like the decision to go into the war in iraq , i had real differences with the other candidates , and that reflects on my judgment . '' `` we know that there was embodied in this legislation , or this resolution sent to the senate , language that would say our iraqi troop structures should in part be determined by our desire to deal with iran , '' obama said .
`` in this next phase , we want to make sure that voters understand that on big issues , like the decision to go into the war in iraq , i had real differences with the other candidates , and that reflects on my judgment . '' washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sen. barack obama on thursday criticized a recent vote by democratic presidential rival sen. hillary clinton as helping to give president bush a `` blank check '' to take military action against iran .
while clinton was campaigning sunday in new hampton , iowa , an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the iran measure and asked why she had n't learned from past `` mistakes . '' `` we know that there was embodied in this legislation , or this resolution sent to the senate , language that would say our iraqi troop structures should in part be determined by our desire to deal with iran , '' obama said .
while clinton was campaigning sunday in new hampton , iowa , an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the iran measure and asked why she had n't learned from past `` mistakes . '' washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sen. barack obama on thursday criticized a recent vote by democratic presidential rival sen. hillary clinton as helping to give president bush a `` blank check '' to take military action against iran .
`` we know that there was embodied in this legislation , or this resolution sent to the senate , language that would say our iraqi troop structures should in part be determined by our desire to deal with iran , '' obama said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- sen. barack obama on thursday criticized a recent vote by democratic presidential rival sen. hillary clinton as helping to give president bush a `` blank check '' to take military action against iran .
red crescent spokeswoman nabiha chowdhury told cnn that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort '' vince edwards , national director of the relief agency world vision in bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of cyclone sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock .
red crescent spokeswoman nabiha chowdhury told cnn that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . dhaka , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 1,700 people have died in bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells cnn .
red crescent spokeswoman nabiha chowdhury told cnn that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . u.s. defense secretary robert gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 marines , to locations off the coast of bangladesh to assist in relief efforts .
red crescent spokeswoman nabiha chowdhury told cnn that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . in dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , cnn 's cal perry said from the city .
watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort '' vince edwards , national director of the relief agency world vision in bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of cyclone sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock . dhaka , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 1,700 people have died in bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells cnn .
watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort '' vince edwards , national director of the relief agency world vision in bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of cyclone sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock . u.s. defense secretary robert gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 marines , to locations off the coast of bangladesh to assist in relief efforts .
watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort '' vince edwards , national director of the relief agency world vision in bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of cyclone sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock . in dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , cnn 's cal perry said from the city .
dhaka , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 1,700 people have died in bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells cnn . u.s. defense secretary robert gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 marines , to locations off the coast of bangladesh to assist in relief efforts .
dhaka , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 1,700 people have died in bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells cnn . in dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , cnn 's cal perry said from the city .
u.s. defense secretary robert gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 marines , to locations off the coast of bangladesh to assist in relief efforts . in dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , cnn 's cal perry said from the city .
watch how spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame '' in addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a `` parenting coach , '' who was to observe her interactions with her children . spears ' former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons `` until further order of the court , '' according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon .
watch how spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame '' in addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a `` parenting coach , '' who was to observe her interactions with her children . last month , a judge ordered spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in `` habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . ''
watch how spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame '' in addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a `` parenting coach , '' who was to observe her interactions with her children . after her september 9 `` comeback '' performance on the mtv video music awards , critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume .
watch how spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame '' in addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a `` parenting coach , '' who was to observe her interactions with her children . her former divorce lawyer , laura wasser , resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer `` just wants to be a mom . ''
spears ' former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons `` until further order of the court , '' according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon . last month , a judge ordered spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in `` habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . ''
spears ' former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons `` until further order of the court , '' according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon . after her september 9 `` comeback '' performance on the mtv video music awards , critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume .
spears ' former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons `` until further order of the court , '' according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon . her former divorce lawyer , laura wasser , resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer `` just wants to be a mom . ''
last month , a judge ordered spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in `` habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . '' after her september 9 `` comeback '' performance on the mtv video music awards , critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume .
last month , a judge ordered spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in `` habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol . '' her former divorce lawyer , laura wasser , resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer `` just wants to be a mom . ''
after her september 9 `` comeback '' performance on the mtv video music awards , critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume . her former divorce lawyer , laura wasser , resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer `` just wants to be a mom . ''
`` all the stars were lined up for this to happen , they were in the studio , they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really match up very well . `` with ` planet in peril , ' anderson cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation , '' said r.e.m singer michael stipe in a news release .
`` all the stars were lined up for this to happen , they were in the studio , they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really match up very well . the song `` until the day is done '' also will appear later this month in `` planet in peril , '' a four-hour cnn documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world .
`` all the stars were lined up for this to happen , they were in the studio , they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really match up very well . earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary , and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album .
`` all the stars were lined up for this to happen , they were in the studio , they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really match up very well . `` planet in peril '' features cnn anchor anderson cooper , chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta and `` animal planet '' host and wildlife biologist jeff corwin .
`` with ` planet in peril , ' anderson cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation , '' said r.e.m singer michael stipe in a news release . the song `` until the day is done '' also will appear later this month in `` planet in peril , '' a four-hour cnn documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world .
`` with ` planet in peril , ' anderson cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation , '' said r.e.m singer michael stipe in a news release . earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary , and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album .
`` with ` planet in peril , ' anderson cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation , '' said r.e.m singer michael stipe in a news release . `` planet in peril '' features cnn anchor anderson cooper , chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta and `` animal planet '' host and wildlife biologist jeff corwin .
the song `` until the day is done '' also will appear later this month in `` planet in peril , '' a four-hour cnn documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world . earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary , and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album .
the song `` until the day is done '' also will appear later this month in `` planet in peril , '' a four-hour cnn documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world . `` planet in peril '' features cnn anchor anderson cooper , chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta and `` animal planet '' host and wildlife biologist jeff corwin .
earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary , and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album . `` planet in peril '' features cnn anchor anderson cooper , chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta and `` animal planet '' host and wildlife biologist jeff corwin .
asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl 's picture so that authorities were able to identify her , donohue said , `` not really ... there 's some things maybe you do n't want to know . '' `` i want to ask you , the press , to respect my family 's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself , '' the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney .
asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl 's picture so that authorities were able to identify her , donohue said , `` not really ... there 's some things maybe you do n't want to know . '' `` speaking as a father myself , i wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth , '' he said , referring to such an outcome as `` wild-west justice . ''
asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl 's picture so that authorities were able to identify her , donohue said , `` not really ... there 's some things maybe you do n't want to know . '' las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired , the mother 's attorney said tuesday .
asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl 's picture so that authorities were able to identify her , donohue said , `` not really ... there 's some things maybe you do n't want to know . '' `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
`` i want to ask you , the press , to respect my family 's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself , '' the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney . `` speaking as a father myself , i wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth , '' he said , referring to such an outcome as `` wild-west justice . ''
`` i want to ask you , the press , to respect my family 's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself , '' the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney . las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired , the mother 's attorney said tuesday .
`` i want to ask you , the press , to respect my family 's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself , '' the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
`` speaking as a father myself , i wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth , '' he said , referring to such an outcome as `` wild-west justice . '' las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired , the mother 's attorney said tuesday .
`` speaking as a father myself , i wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth , '' he said , referring to such an outcome as `` wild-west justice . '' `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired , the mother 's attorney said tuesday . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
memphis , tennessee -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three men have been arrested and charged with murder in the shooting death last week of a university of memphis football player , memphis police announced monday . memphis police department director larry godwin said deeshawn tate , 21 , victor trezevant , 21 , and courtney washington , 22 , had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery .
memphis , tennessee -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three men have been arrested and charged with murder in the shooting death last week of a university of memphis football player , memphis police announced monday . bradford `` was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . ''
memphis , tennessee -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three men have been arrested and charged with murder in the shooting death last week of a university of memphis football player , memphis police announced monday . officials at the 21,000-student school said bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus as a whole .
memphis , tennessee -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three men have been arrested and charged with murder in the shooting death last week of a university of memphis football player , memphis police announced monday . godwin said none of the three arrested suspects were students at the university , but he would not rule out that other suspects could be students .
memphis police department director larry godwin said deeshawn tate , 21 , victor trezevant , 21 , and courtney washington , 22 , had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery . bradford `` was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . ''
memphis police department director larry godwin said deeshawn tate , 21 , victor trezevant , 21 , and courtney washington , 22 , had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery . officials at the 21,000-student school said bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus as a whole .
memphis police department director larry godwin said deeshawn tate , 21 , victor trezevant , 21 , and courtney washington , 22 , had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery . godwin said none of the three arrested suspects were students at the university , but he would not rule out that other suspects could be students .
bradford `` was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . '' officials at the 21,000-student school said bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus as a whole .
bradford `` was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . '' godwin said none of the three arrested suspects were students at the university , but he would not rule out that other suspects could be students .
officials at the 21,000-student school said bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus as a whole . godwin said none of the three arrested suspects were students at the university , but he would not rule out that other suspects could be students .
`` the information the committee has received from ice regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling , particularly since it appears ice may have violated its own detention standards , '' lieberman spokeswoman leslie phillips told cnn in an e-mail . `` i 'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way , '' said appelbaum , who also serves as a member of the american academy of psychiatry and the law .
`` the information the committee has received from ice regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling , particularly since it appears ice may have violated its own detention standards , '' lieberman spokeswoman leslie phillips told cnn in an e-mail . he says he was taken to los angeles international airport while in this drug-induced stupor , but two hours before takeoff , airline security refused to transport him , so ice agents returned him to his cell at terminal island near los angeles .
`` the information the committee has received from ice regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling , particularly since it appears ice may have violated its own detention standards , '' lieberman spokeswoman leslie phillips told cnn in an e-mail . he said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his u.s. government escorts would n't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country .
`` the information the committee has received from ice regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling , particularly since it appears ice may have violated its own detention standards , '' lieberman spokeswoman leslie phillips told cnn in an e-mail . watch why the former detainees claim abuse '' dr. paul appelbaum , a professor of psychiatry , law and ethics at columbia university , reviewed both men 's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered .
`` i 'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way , '' said appelbaum , who also serves as a member of the american academy of psychiatry and the law . he says he was taken to los angeles international airport while in this drug-induced stupor , but two hours before takeoff , airline security refused to transport him , so ice agents returned him to his cell at terminal island near los angeles .
`` i 'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way , '' said appelbaum , who also serves as a member of the american academy of psychiatry and the law . he said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his u.s. government escorts would n't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country .
`` i 'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way , '' said appelbaum , who also serves as a member of the american academy of psychiatry and the law . watch why the former detainees claim abuse '' dr. paul appelbaum , a professor of psychiatry , law and ethics at columbia university , reviewed both men 's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered .
he says he was taken to los angeles international airport while in this drug-induced stupor , but two hours before takeoff , airline security refused to transport him , so ice agents returned him to his cell at terminal island near los angeles . he said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his u.s. government escorts would n't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country .
he says he was taken to los angeles international airport while in this drug-induced stupor , but two hours before takeoff , airline security refused to transport him , so ice agents returned him to his cell at terminal island near los angeles . watch why the former detainees claim abuse '' dr. paul appelbaum , a professor of psychiatry , law and ethics at columbia university , reviewed both men 's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered .
he said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his u.s. government escorts would n't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country . watch why the former detainees claim abuse '' dr. paul appelbaum , a professor of psychiatry , law and ethics at columbia university , reviewed both men 's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered .
`` their hope is that through these programs , people will become more interested in l. ron hubbard , what else mr. hubbard had to offer , and this will lead them eventually to scientology , '' ross said . driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community , mclaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered `` narconon , '' scientology 's nonprofit drug rehab center , in 2001 .
`` their hope is that through these programs , people will become more interested in l. ron hubbard , what else mr. hubbard had to offer , and this will lead them eventually to scientology , '' ross said . kennedy , mclaughlin and a handful of other christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities ' needs in scientology 's social programs .
`` their hope is that through these programs , people will become more interested in l. ron hubbard , what else mr. hubbard had to offer , and this will lead them eventually to scientology , '' ross said . mclaughlin trained at narconon and brought the techniques back to his community to launch `` first step faith step , '' a program that combines hubbard 's methods with the teachings of christianity .
`` their hope is that through these programs , people will become more interested in l. ron hubbard , what else mr. hubbard had to offer , and this will lead them eventually to scientology , '' ross said . `` i 'm looking for solutions , and the people that i help , they do n't ask me who l. ron hubbard is , '' said mclaughlin , who works with addicts .
driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community , mclaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered `` narconon , '' scientology 's nonprofit drug rehab center , in 2001 . kennedy , mclaughlin and a handful of other christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities ' needs in scientology 's social programs .
driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community , mclaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered `` narconon , '' scientology 's nonprofit drug rehab center , in 2001 . mclaughlin trained at narconon and brought the techniques back to his community to launch `` first step faith step , '' a program that combines hubbard 's methods with the teachings of christianity .
driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community , mclaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered `` narconon , '' scientology 's nonprofit drug rehab center , in 2001 . `` i 'm looking for solutions , and the people that i help , they do n't ask me who l. ron hubbard is , '' said mclaughlin , who works with addicts .
kennedy , mclaughlin and a handful of other christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities ' needs in scientology 's social programs . mclaughlin trained at narconon and brought the techniques back to his community to launch `` first step faith step , '' a program that combines hubbard 's methods with the teachings of christianity .
kennedy , mclaughlin and a handful of other christian church leaders -- no one can say how many -- are finding answers to their communities ' needs in scientology 's social programs . `` i 'm looking for solutions , and the people that i help , they do n't ask me who l. ron hubbard is , '' said mclaughlin , who works with addicts .
mclaughlin trained at narconon and brought the techniques back to his community to launch `` first step faith step , '' a program that combines hubbard 's methods with the teachings of christianity . `` i 'm looking for solutions , and the people that i help , they do n't ask me who l. ron hubbard is , '' said mclaughlin , who works with addicts .
authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , `` including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where harris had been sitting and the center console . '' the sting came after harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agent wednesday , according to the justice department statement .
authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , `` including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where harris had been sitting and the center console . '' the small court room of magistrate judge alan baverman was packed with family , supporters and media , but even more people , including the rapper 's mother , were turned away because of the overcrowding .
authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , `` including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where harris had been sitting and the center console . '' `` machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , '' said david nahmias , u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia .
authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , `` including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where harris had been sitting and the center console . '' however , one of his attorneys , dwight thomas , said he was not aware harris was a convicted felon and that `` a number of people '' live in harris ' suburban atlanta home .
the sting came after harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agent wednesday , according to the justice department statement . the small court room of magistrate judge alan baverman was packed with family , supporters and media , but even more people , including the rapper 's mother , were turned away because of the overcrowding .
the sting came after harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agent wednesday , according to the justice department statement . `` machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , '' said david nahmias , u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia .
the sting came after harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agent wednesday , according to the justice department statement . however , one of his attorneys , dwight thomas , said he was not aware harris was a convicted felon and that `` a number of people '' live in harris ' suburban atlanta home .
the small court room of magistrate judge alan baverman was packed with family , supporters and media , but even more people , including the rapper 's mother , were turned away because of the overcrowding . `` machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , '' said david nahmias , u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia .
the small court room of magistrate judge alan baverman was packed with family , supporters and media , but even more people , including the rapper 's mother , were turned away because of the overcrowding . however , one of his attorneys , dwight thomas , said he was not aware harris was a convicted felon and that `` a number of people '' live in harris ' suburban atlanta home .
`` machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , '' said david nahmias , u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia . however , one of his attorneys , dwight thomas , said he was not aware harris was a convicted felon and that `` a number of people '' live in harris ' suburban atlanta home .
civil rights leaders martin luther king iii and al sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in september to protest how authorities handled the cases against purvis and five other teens accused of the december 2006 beating of fellow student justin barker . jena , louisiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- charges against bryant purvis , one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student , were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment wednesday morning .
civil rights leaders martin luther king iii and al sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in september to protest how authorities handled the cases against purvis and five other teens accused of the december 2006 beating of fellow student justin barker . although he was released in september after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned , he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction .
civil rights leaders martin luther king iii and al sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in september to protest how authorities handled the cases against purvis and five other teens accused of the december 2006 beating of fellow student justin barker . purvis , who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the lasalle parish courthouse in jena .
civil rights leaders martin luther king iii and al sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in september to protest how authorities handled the cases against purvis and five other teens accused of the december 2006 beating of fellow student justin barker . a district judge tossed out bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court .
jena , louisiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- charges against bryant purvis , one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student , were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment wednesday morning . although he was released in september after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned , he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction .
jena , louisiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- charges against bryant purvis , one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student , were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment wednesday morning . purvis , who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the lasalle parish courthouse in jena .
jena , louisiana -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- charges against bryant purvis , one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student , were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment wednesday morning . a district judge tossed out bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court .
although he was released in september after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned , he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction . purvis , who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the lasalle parish courthouse in jena .
although he was released in september after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned , he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction . a district judge tossed out bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court .
purvis , who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the lasalle parish courthouse in jena . a district judge tossed out bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court .
his ex-wife delivered a petition to a doorman at downing street , calling on britain to use its influence to ensure that all institutions are in place well in advance of pakistani elections originally scheduled for early next year . 10 downing street , the official residence of british prime minister gordon brown , calling on the british government to demand that full democracy be restored in pakistan .
his ex-wife delivered a petition to a doorman at downing street , calling on britain to use its influence to ensure that all institutions are in place well in advance of pakistani elections originally scheduled for early next year . the petition also demands that pakistan restore democracy and the judiciary and calls on musharraf to release all political prisoners , including lawyers , journalists and opposition politicians .
his ex-wife delivered a petition to a doorman at downing street , calling on britain to use its influence to ensure that all institutions are in place well in advance of pakistani elections originally scheduled for early next year . protesters waved placards and chanted in support of the resignation of pakistani president pervez musharraf , a week after he imposed a state of emergency in the country .
his ex-wife delivered a petition to a doorman at downing street , calling on britain to use its influence to ensure that all institutions are in place well in advance of pakistani elections originally scheduled for early next year . the crowd of demonstrators massed behind barriers and included jemima khan , the ex-wife of former pakistani cricket star turned politician imran khan .
10 downing street , the official residence of british prime minister gordon brown , calling on the british government to demand that full democracy be restored in pakistan . the petition also demands that pakistan restore democracy and the judiciary and calls on musharraf to release all political prisoners , including lawyers , journalists and opposition politicians .
10 downing street , the official residence of british prime minister gordon brown , calling on the british government to demand that full democracy be restored in pakistan . protesters waved placards and chanted in support of the resignation of pakistani president pervez musharraf , a week after he imposed a state of emergency in the country .
10 downing street , the official residence of british prime minister gordon brown , calling on the british government to demand that full democracy be restored in pakistan . the crowd of demonstrators massed behind barriers and included jemima khan , the ex-wife of former pakistani cricket star turned politician imran khan .
the petition also demands that pakistan restore democracy and the judiciary and calls on musharraf to release all political prisoners , including lawyers , journalists and opposition politicians . protesters waved placards and chanted in support of the resignation of pakistani president pervez musharraf , a week after he imposed a state of emergency in the country .
the petition also demands that pakistan restore democracy and the judiciary and calls on musharraf to release all political prisoners , including lawyers , journalists and opposition politicians . the crowd of demonstrators massed behind barriers and included jemima khan , the ex-wife of former pakistani cricket star turned politician imran khan .
protesters waved placards and chanted in support of the resignation of pakistani president pervez musharraf , a week after he imposed a state of emergency in the country . the crowd of demonstrators massed behind barriers and included jemima khan , the ex-wife of former pakistani cricket star turned politician imran khan .
`` this was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from china , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , '' said assistant attorney general alice fisher . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the united states have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced thursday .
`` this was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from china , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , '' said assistant attorney general alice fisher . they paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales .
`` this was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from china , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , '' said assistant attorney general alice fisher . authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like burberry , gucci and coach .
`` this was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from china , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , '' said assistant attorney general alice fisher . immigration and customs enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the united states have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced thursday . they paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the united states have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced thursday . authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like burberry , gucci and coach .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the united states have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced thursday . immigration and customs enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods .
they paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales . authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like burberry , gucci and coach .
they paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales . immigration and customs enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods .
authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like burberry , gucci and coach . immigration and customs enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods .
`` the undersigned staff ... has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the department of commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible , '' said the petition , which was signed by twenty-three people , including four of five senior hurricane specialists . he continued within the national weather service for more than 35 years , `` receiving numerous performance commendations and awards , including recognition from the nws employees ' organization as the nws manager of the year for his collaborative leadership , '' the bio said .
`` the undersigned staff ... has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the department of commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible , '' said the petition , which was signed by twenty-three people , including four of five senior hurricane specialists . hurricane center staffers told cnn 's john zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the quikscat , but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry .
`` the undersigned staff ... has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the department of commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible , '' said the petition , which was signed by twenty-three people , including four of five senior hurricane specialists . he began his career in tropical meteorology in the mid-1960s at nhc and as a meteorologist on the `` hurricane hunter '' aircraft , according to his biography posted on the agency 's web site .
`` the undersigned staff ... has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the department of commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible , '' said the petition , which was signed by twenty-three people , including four of five senior hurricane specialists . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- national hurricane center director bill proenza left his position monday , just days after nearly half of the nhc staff signed a petition calling for his ouster .
he continued within the national weather service for more than 35 years , `` receiving numerous performance commendations and awards , including recognition from the nws employees ' organization as the nws manager of the year for his collaborative leadership , '' the bio said . hurricane center staffers told cnn 's john zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the quikscat , but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry .
he continued within the national weather service for more than 35 years , `` receiving numerous performance commendations and awards , including recognition from the nws employees ' organization as the nws manager of the year for his collaborative leadership , '' the bio said . he began his career in tropical meteorology in the mid-1960s at nhc and as a meteorologist on the `` hurricane hunter '' aircraft , according to his biography posted on the agency 's web site .
he continued within the national weather service for more than 35 years , `` receiving numerous performance commendations and awards , including recognition from the nws employees ' organization as the nws manager of the year for his collaborative leadership , '' the bio said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- national hurricane center director bill proenza left his position monday , just days after nearly half of the nhc staff signed a petition calling for his ouster .
hurricane center staffers told cnn 's john zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the quikscat , but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry . he began his career in tropical meteorology in the mid-1960s at nhc and as a meteorologist on the `` hurricane hunter '' aircraft , according to his biography posted on the agency 's web site .
hurricane center staffers told cnn 's john zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the quikscat , but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- national hurricane center director bill proenza left his position monday , just days after nearly half of the nhc staff signed a petition calling for his ouster .
he began his career in tropical meteorology in the mid-1960s at nhc and as a meteorologist on the `` hurricane hunter '' aircraft , according to his biography posted on the agency 's web site . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- national hurricane center director bill proenza left his position monday , just days after nearly half of the nhc staff signed a petition calling for his ouster .
while expressing support for open dialogue with residents and officials , david pagan of u.s. customs and border protection wrote in an e-mail , `` we do not plan to suspend work on the construction of fence in order to hold a series of additional consultation meetings . '' watch chertoff say it 's `` civic responsibility '' to give up land '' chertoff believes a fence would curb the steady stream of illegal immigrants making their way across the border and lessen the flow of drugs .
while expressing support for open dialogue with residents and officials , david pagan of u.s. customs and border protection wrote in an e-mail , `` we do not plan to suspend work on the construction of fence in order to hold a series of additional consultation meetings . '' richard cortez , the mayor of the border town of mcallen , texas , believes hiring more border patrol agents , deepening the rio grande , and clearing its banks of tall vegetation would provide better border protection than the fence .
while expressing support for open dialogue with residents and officials , david pagan of u.s. customs and border protection wrote in an e-mail , `` we do not plan to suspend work on the construction of fence in order to hold a series of additional consultation meetings . '' about 70 miles of fence is to be built in the rio grande valley by year 's end , if the government gets its way .
while expressing support for open dialogue with residents and officials , david pagan of u.s. customs and border protection wrote in an e-mail , `` we do not plan to suspend work on the construction of fence in order to hold a series of additional consultation meetings . '' the rio grande forms a natural barrier along this stretch of the border , but in some places it is narrow enough to swim across .
watch chertoff say it 's `` civic responsibility '' to give up land '' chertoff believes a fence would curb the steady stream of illegal immigrants making their way across the border and lessen the flow of drugs . richard cortez , the mayor of the border town of mcallen , texas , believes hiring more border patrol agents , deepening the rio grande , and clearing its banks of tall vegetation would provide better border protection than the fence .
watch chertoff say it 's `` civic responsibility '' to give up land '' chertoff believes a fence would curb the steady stream of illegal immigrants making their way across the border and lessen the flow of drugs . about 70 miles of fence is to be built in the rio grande valley by year 's end , if the government gets its way .
watch chertoff say it 's `` civic responsibility '' to give up land '' chertoff believes a fence would curb the steady stream of illegal immigrants making their way across the border and lessen the flow of drugs . the rio grande forms a natural barrier along this stretch of the border , but in some places it is narrow enough to swim across .
richard cortez , the mayor of the border town of mcallen , texas , believes hiring more border patrol agents , deepening the rio grande , and clearing its banks of tall vegetation would provide better border protection than the fence . about 70 miles of fence is to be built in the rio grande valley by year 's end , if the government gets its way .
richard cortez , the mayor of the border town of mcallen , texas , believes hiring more border patrol agents , deepening the rio grande , and clearing its banks of tall vegetation would provide better border protection than the fence . the rio grande forms a natural barrier along this stretch of the border , but in some places it is narrow enough to swim across .
about 70 miles of fence is to be built in the rio grande valley by year 's end , if the government gets its way . the rio grande forms a natural barrier along this stretch of the border , but in some places it is narrow enough to swim across .
jeremiah munsen , 18 , of grant parish , repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in alexandria , which is near jena , as they awaited buses to return them to tennessee , federal authorities said thursday . authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases , including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat .
jeremiah munsen , 18 , of grant parish , repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in alexandria , which is near jena , as they awaited buses to return them to tennessee , federal authorities said thursday . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man has been indicted on federal charges for allegedly displaying hangman 's nooses from the back of a pickup truck during a civil rights march last year in jena , louisiana .
jeremiah munsen , 18 , of grant parish , repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in alexandria , which is near jena , as they awaited buses to return them to tennessee , federal authorities said thursday . `` this indictment accuses the defendant -lsb- munsen -rsb- of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime , '' said u.s. attorney donald washington .
jeremiah munsen , 18 , of grant parish , repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in alexandria , which is near jena , as they awaited buses to return them to tennessee , federal authorities said thursday . washington and grace chung becker , acting head of the justice department 's civil rights division , announced the indictment , issued by a grand jury in shreveport , louisiana .
authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases , including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man has been indicted on federal charges for allegedly displaying hangman 's nooses from the back of a pickup truck during a civil rights march last year in jena , louisiana .
authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases , including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat . `` this indictment accuses the defendant -lsb- munsen -rsb- of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime , '' said u.s. attorney donald washington .
authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases , including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat . washington and grace chung becker , acting head of the justice department 's civil rights division , announced the indictment , issued by a grand jury in shreveport , louisiana .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man has been indicted on federal charges for allegedly displaying hangman 's nooses from the back of a pickup truck during a civil rights march last year in jena , louisiana . `` this indictment accuses the defendant -lsb- munsen -rsb- of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime , '' said u.s. attorney donald washington .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man has been indicted on federal charges for allegedly displaying hangman 's nooses from the back of a pickup truck during a civil rights march last year in jena , louisiana . washington and grace chung becker , acting head of the justice department 's civil rights division , announced the indictment , issued by a grand jury in shreveport , louisiana .
`` this indictment accuses the defendant -lsb- munsen -rsb- of conduct that constitutes a federal civil rights conspiracy violation and a federal hate crime , '' said u.s. attorney donald washington . washington and grace chung becker , acting head of the justice department 's civil rights division , announced the indictment , issued by a grand jury in shreveport , louisiana .
an al qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in algiers in 10 years , a bombing that destroyed the prime minister 's headquarters and a police base , killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220 . al qaeda also took responsibility for a january 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in naciria , a city about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of algiers .
an al qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in algiers in 10 years , a bombing that destroyed the prime minister 's headquarters and a police base , killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220 . the attack occurred tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of thenia , about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of the capital of algiers , the agency said .
an al qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in algiers in 10 years , a bombing that destroyed the prime minister 's headquarters and a police base , killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220 . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb attack in algeria has killed three people and wounded 23 , the algerian press service reported .
an al qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in algiers in 10 years , a bombing that destroyed the prime minister 's headquarters and a police base , killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220 . the blast destroyed about 20 houses , and a commission has been appointed to look after the victims , the press agency said .
al qaeda also took responsibility for a january 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in naciria , a city about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of algiers . the attack occurred tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of thenia , about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of the capital of algiers , the agency said .
al qaeda also took responsibility for a january 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in naciria , a city about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of algiers . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb attack in algeria has killed three people and wounded 23 , the algerian press service reported .
al qaeda also took responsibility for a january 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in naciria , a city about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of algiers . the blast destroyed about 20 houses , and a commission has been appointed to look after the victims , the press agency said .
the attack occurred tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of thenia , about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of the capital of algiers , the agency said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb attack in algeria has killed three people and wounded 23 , the algerian press service reported .
the attack occurred tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of thenia , about 50 km -lrb- 31 miles -rrb- east of the capital of algiers , the agency said . the blast destroyed about 20 houses , and a commission has been appointed to look after the victims , the press agency said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb attack in algeria has killed three people and wounded 23 , the algerian press service reported . the blast destroyed about 20 houses , and a commission has been appointed to look after the victims , the press agency said .
vick 's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . ''
vick 's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . the original terms of the pretrial release , set in july by u.s. magistrate dennis w. dohnal , required that vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor .
vick 's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . vick , 27 , must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling `` if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer '' at his own expense , the order said .
vick 's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . read about the federal case against vick '' `` this is a very difficult time for mr. vick , '' said billy martin , vick 's lead defense counsel , in a written statement .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' the original terms of the pretrial release , set in july by u.s. magistrate dennis w. dohnal , required that vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' vick , 27 , must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling `` if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer '' at his own expense , the order said .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' read about the federal case against vick '' `` this is a very difficult time for mr. vick , '' said billy martin , vick 's lead defense counsel , in a written statement .
the original terms of the pretrial release , set in july by u.s. magistrate dennis w. dohnal , required that vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor . vick , 27 , must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling `` if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer '' at his own expense , the order said .
the original terms of the pretrial release , set in july by u.s. magistrate dennis w. dohnal , required that vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor . read about the federal case against vick '' `` this is a very difficult time for mr. vick , '' said billy martin , vick 's lead defense counsel , in a written statement .
vick , 27 , must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling `` if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer '' at his own expense , the order said . read about the federal case against vick '' `` this is a very difficult time for mr. vick , '' said billy martin , vick 's lead defense counsel , in a written statement .
mohammed chatah , senior adviser to lebanese prime minister fouad siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during `` a major political crisis '' in lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb struck a u.s. embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials .
mohammed chatah , senior adviser to lebanese prime minister fouad siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during `` a major political crisis '' in lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . `` we do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , '' he told reporters during the state department 's daily briefing .
mohammed chatah , senior adviser to lebanese prime minister fouad siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during `` a major political crisis '' in lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . `` i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , '' she added .
mohammed chatah , senior adviser to lebanese prime minister fouad siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during `` a major political crisis '' in lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . twenty-one others -- including the american bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram -lrb- 33-pound -rrb- bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said .
beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb struck a u.s. embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials . `` we do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , '' he told reporters during the state department 's daily briefing .
beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb struck a u.s. embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials . `` i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , '' she added .
beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a car bomb struck a u.s. embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials . twenty-one others -- including the american bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram -lrb- 33-pound -rrb- bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said .
`` we do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , '' he told reporters during the state department 's daily briefing . `` i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , '' she added .
`` we do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , '' he told reporters during the state department 's daily briefing . twenty-one others -- including the american bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram -lrb- 33-pound -rrb- bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said .
`` i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , '' she added . twenty-one others -- including the american bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram -lrb- 33-pound -rrb- bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said .
but the michigan and florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . edwards suspended his presidential run wednesday in new orleans , louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by obama and clinton .
but the michigan and florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls .
but the michigan and florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . clinton and obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : obama has won in iowa and south carolina , and clinton has won in new hampshire , nevada , michigan and florida .
but the michigan and florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen. john edwards .
edwards suspended his presidential run wednesday in new orleans , louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by obama and clinton . mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls .
edwards suspended his presidential run wednesday in new orleans , louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by obama and clinton . clinton and obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : obama has won in iowa and south carolina , and clinton has won in new hampshire , nevada , michigan and florida .
edwards suspended his presidential run wednesday in new orleans , louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by obama and clinton . hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen. john edwards .
mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls . clinton and obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : obama has won in iowa and south carolina , and clinton has won in new hampshire , nevada , michigan and florida .
mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls . hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen. john edwards .
clinton and obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : obama has won in iowa and south carolina , and clinton has won in new hampshire , nevada , michigan and florida . hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen. john edwards .
watch paul and ringo talk about the beatles ' magic '' mccartney and starr were in las vegas with yoko ono lennon and olivia harrison , the widows of john lennon and george harrison , to celebrate the anniversary of cirque du soleil 's `` love , '' which uses the beatles ' music . las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr clowned around and marveled at their band 's amazing impact in an interview tuesday on cnn 's `` larry king live . ''
watch paul and ringo talk about the beatles ' magic '' mccartney and starr were in las vegas with yoko ono lennon and olivia harrison , the widows of john lennon and george harrison , to celebrate the anniversary of cirque du soleil 's `` love , '' which uses the beatles ' music . mccartney said the early beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves , but starr said , `` we thought we 'd be really big in liverpool . ''
watch paul and ringo talk about the beatles ' magic '' mccartney and starr were in las vegas with yoko ono lennon and olivia harrison , the widows of john lennon and george harrison , to celebrate the anniversary of cirque du soleil 's `` love , '' which uses the beatles ' music . harrison said her husband was friends with cirque du soleil founder guy laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001 .
watch paul and ringo talk about the beatles ' magic '' mccartney and starr were in las vegas with yoko ono lennon and olivia harrison , the widows of john lennon and george harrison , to celebrate the anniversary of cirque du soleil 's `` love , '' which uses the beatles ' music . larry king , left , poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- paul mccartney , yoko ono lennon , olivia harrison and ringo starr tuesday in las vegas .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr clowned around and marveled at their band 's amazing impact in an interview tuesday on cnn 's `` larry king live . '' mccartney said the early beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves , but starr said , `` we thought we 'd be really big in liverpool . ''
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr clowned around and marveled at their band 's amazing impact in an interview tuesday on cnn 's `` larry king live . '' harrison said her husband was friends with cirque du soleil founder guy laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001 .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- former beatles paul mccartney and ringo starr clowned around and marveled at their band 's amazing impact in an interview tuesday on cnn 's `` larry king live . '' larry king , left , poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- paul mccartney , yoko ono lennon , olivia harrison and ringo starr tuesday in las vegas .
mccartney said the early beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves , but starr said , `` we thought we 'd be really big in liverpool . '' harrison said her husband was friends with cirque du soleil founder guy laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001 .
mccartney said the early beatles knew they were a good band and were pretty sure of themselves , but starr said , `` we thought we 'd be really big in liverpool . '' larry king , left , poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- paul mccartney , yoko ono lennon , olivia harrison and ringo starr tuesday in las vegas .
harrison said her husband was friends with cirque du soleil founder guy laliberte and came up with the idea before he died of cancer in 2001 . larry king , left , poses with -lrb- l-r -rrb- paul mccartney , yoko ono lennon , olivia harrison and ringo starr tuesday in las vegas .
by the way , chapter three , verse sixteen of the gospel of john says , `` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life . '' also receiving votes : john hinckley ; the fan who started the pistons-pacers brawl in 2004 ; jeffrey maier ; the kissing bandit ; `` butch '' from middlebury ; metallica superfan-turned-bass player jason newstead ; and steve bartman .
by the way , chapter three , verse sixteen of the gospel of john says , `` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life . '' deranged and obsessed with seeing steffi graf return to the top of the rankings , gunter parche stabbed monica seles during a 1993 match in one of the most disturbing incidents in sports history .
by the way , chapter three , verse sixteen of the gospel of john says , `` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life . '' also known as `` rainbow man , '' the born-again rollen stewart and his john 3:16 signs were fixtures at major events in the 1970s and 80s .
by the way , chapter three , verse sixteen of the gospel of john says , `` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life . '' when he reminded frank layden of the jazz that `` usa today '' had rated him worst dressed coach , layden had to be restrained by security .
also receiving votes : john hinckley ; the fan who started the pistons-pacers brawl in 2004 ; jeffrey maier ; the kissing bandit ; `` butch '' from middlebury ; metallica superfan-turned-bass player jason newstead ; and steve bartman . deranged and obsessed with seeing steffi graf return to the top of the rankings , gunter parche stabbed monica seles during a 1993 match in one of the most disturbing incidents in sports history .
also receiving votes : john hinckley ; the fan who started the pistons-pacers brawl in 2004 ; jeffrey maier ; the kissing bandit ; `` butch '' from middlebury ; metallica superfan-turned-bass player jason newstead ; and steve bartman . also known as `` rainbow man , '' the born-again rollen stewart and his john 3:16 signs were fixtures at major events in the 1970s and 80s .
also receiving votes : john hinckley ; the fan who started the pistons-pacers brawl in 2004 ; jeffrey maier ; the kissing bandit ; `` butch '' from middlebury ; metallica superfan-turned-bass player jason newstead ; and steve bartman . when he reminded frank layden of the jazz that `` usa today '' had rated him worst dressed coach , layden had to be restrained by security .
deranged and obsessed with seeing steffi graf return to the top of the rankings , gunter parche stabbed monica seles during a 1993 match in one of the most disturbing incidents in sports history . also known as `` rainbow man , '' the born-again rollen stewart and his john 3:16 signs were fixtures at major events in the 1970s and 80s .
deranged and obsessed with seeing steffi graf return to the top of the rankings , gunter parche stabbed monica seles during a 1993 match in one of the most disturbing incidents in sports history . when he reminded frank layden of the jazz that `` usa today '' had rated him worst dressed coach , layden had to be restrained by security .
also known as `` rainbow man , '' the born-again rollen stewart and his john 3:16 signs were fixtures at major events in the 1970s and 80s . when he reminded frank layden of the jazz that `` usa today '' had rated him worst dressed coach , layden had to be restrained by security .
about 2,000 palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from iraq , the u.n. refugee agency said on friday .
about 2,000 palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said . `` unhcr has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from sudan and chile , '' the agency said .
about 2,000 palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said . the agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in march 2006 .
about 2,000 palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said . another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , '' the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from iraq , the u.n. refugee agency said on friday . `` unhcr has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from sudan and chile , '' the agency said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from iraq , the u.n. refugee agency said on friday . the agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in march 2006 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- three palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from iraq , the u.n. refugee agency said on friday . another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , '' the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases .
`` unhcr has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from sudan and chile , '' the agency said . the agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in march 2006 .
`` unhcr has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from sudan and chile , '' the agency said . another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , '' the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases .
the agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in march 2006 . another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , '' the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases .
friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. alaska time -lrb- 6 p.m. gmt -rrb- thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states .
friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. alaska time -lrb- 6 p.m. gmt -rrb- thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read . in that january 1997 flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u.s. state of montana , according to the federation .
friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. alaska time -lrb- 6 p.m. gmt -rrb- thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read . kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the world air sports federation .
friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. alaska time -lrb- 6 p.m. gmt -rrb- thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read . read said two coast guard c130 hercules planes conducted searches thursday 435 miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist 's last known position .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states . in that january 1997 flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u.s. state of montana , according to the federation .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states . kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the world air sports federation .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states . read said two coast guard c130 hercules planes conducted searches thursday 435 miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist 's last known position .
in that january 1997 flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u.s. state of montana , according to the federation . kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the world air sports federation .
in that january 1997 flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u.s. state of montana , according to the federation . read said two coast guard c130 hercules planes conducted searches thursday 435 miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist 's last known position .
kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the world air sports federation . read said two coast guard c130 hercules planes conducted searches thursday 435 miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist 's last known position .
al-badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks , including two last year , fox said -- the june 23 bombing of a kirkuk courthouse that left 20 iraqis dead and the august 28 attack at a samarra checkpoint that killed 29 iraqi soldiers . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition troops killed the al qaeda terrorist who masterminded the february 2006 attack on samarra 's al-askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between sunnis and shiites , the u.s. military said sunday .
al-badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks , including two last year , fox said -- the june 23 bombing of a kirkuk courthouse that left 20 iraqis dead and the august 28 attack at a samarra checkpoint that killed 29 iraqi soldiers . no one was injured in the attack on the golden mosque , one of the holiest shiite sites , but thousands have been killed by the death squads and reprisal bombings that have ravaged iraq in the 17 1/2 months since the attack .
al-badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks , including two last year , fox said -- the june 23 bombing of a kirkuk courthouse that left 20 iraqis dead and the august 28 attack at a samarra checkpoint that killed 29 iraqi soldiers . two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly shiite neighborhood in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others , a spokesman with iraq 's interior ministry said .
al-badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks , including two last year , fox said -- the june 23 bombing of a kirkuk courthouse that left 20 iraqis dead and the august 28 attack at a samarra checkpoint that killed 29 iraqi soldiers . a u.s. soldier has been sentenced to 110 years in confinement for participating in the rape of a 14-year-old girl and the killings of her and her family in iraq , an army spokeswoman said .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition troops killed the al qaeda terrorist who masterminded the february 2006 attack on samarra 's al-askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between sunnis and shiites , the u.s. military said sunday . no one was injured in the attack on the golden mosque , one of the holiest shiite sites , but thousands have been killed by the death squads and reprisal bombings that have ravaged iraq in the 17 1/2 months since the attack .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition troops killed the al qaeda terrorist who masterminded the february 2006 attack on samarra 's al-askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between sunnis and shiites , the u.s. military said sunday . two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly shiite neighborhood in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others , a spokesman with iraq 's interior ministry said .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition troops killed the al qaeda terrorist who masterminded the february 2006 attack on samarra 's al-askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between sunnis and shiites , the u.s. military said sunday . a u.s. soldier has been sentenced to 110 years in confinement for participating in the rape of a 14-year-old girl and the killings of her and her family in iraq , an army spokeswoman said .
no one was injured in the attack on the golden mosque , one of the holiest shiite sites , but thousands have been killed by the death squads and reprisal bombings that have ravaged iraq in the 17 1/2 months since the attack . two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly shiite neighborhood in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others , a spokesman with iraq 's interior ministry said .
no one was injured in the attack on the golden mosque , one of the holiest shiite sites , but thousands have been killed by the death squads and reprisal bombings that have ravaged iraq in the 17 1/2 months since the attack . a u.s. soldier has been sentenced to 110 years in confinement for participating in the rape of a 14-year-old girl and the killings of her and her family in iraq , an army spokeswoman said .
two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly shiite neighborhood in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others , a spokesman with iraq 's interior ministry said . a u.s. soldier has been sentenced to 110 years in confinement for participating in the rape of a 14-year-old girl and the killings of her and her family in iraq , an army spokeswoman said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer olympics kick off on august 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in chinese culture , the state news agency said sunday . the number `` eight '' -lrb- ba -rrb- is considered auspicious by many in china because it sounds like the word for `` wealth '' and `` fortune , '' the news agency xinhua said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer olympics kick off on august 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in chinese culture , the state news agency said sunday . every year , many couples choose the 8th of august -- the eighth month of the year -- hoping `` eighth of the eighth '' luck will rub off on them , the news agency said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer olympics kick off on august 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in chinese culture , the state news agency said sunday . `` we 've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year , '' guo xusheng , spokesman with the beijing municipal civil affairs bureau , told xinhua .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer olympics kick off on august 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in chinese culture , the state news agency said sunday . nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year , some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in beijing .
the number `` eight '' -lrb- ba -rrb- is considered auspicious by many in china because it sounds like the word for `` wealth '' and `` fortune , '' the news agency xinhua said . every year , many couples choose the 8th of august -- the eighth month of the year -- hoping `` eighth of the eighth '' luck will rub off on them , the news agency said .
the number `` eight '' -lrb- ba -rrb- is considered auspicious by many in china because it sounds like the word for `` wealth '' and `` fortune , '' the news agency xinhua said . `` we 've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year , '' guo xusheng , spokesman with the beijing municipal civil affairs bureau , told xinhua .
the number `` eight '' -lrb- ba -rrb- is considered auspicious by many in china because it sounds like the word for `` wealth '' and `` fortune , '' the news agency xinhua said . nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year , some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in beijing .
every year , many couples choose the 8th of august -- the eighth month of the year -- hoping `` eighth of the eighth '' luck will rub off on them , the news agency said . `` we 've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year , '' guo xusheng , spokesman with the beijing municipal civil affairs bureau , told xinhua .
every year , many couples choose the 8th of august -- the eighth month of the year -- hoping `` eighth of the eighth '' luck will rub off on them , the news agency said . nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year , some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in beijing .
`` we 've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year , '' guo xusheng , spokesman with the beijing municipal civil affairs bureau , told xinhua . nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year , some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in beijing .
andy rickell , executive director of disability charity scope , told the press association : `` it is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery , which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic , can be in katie 's best interests . london , england -- a mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation .
andy rickell , executive director of disability charity scope , told the press association : `` it is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery , which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic , can be in katie 's best interests . we will be able to manage that pain much better than menstruation once a month , when katie can not tell us ` i 'm in pain . '
andy rickell , executive director of disability charity scope , told the press association : `` it is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery , which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic , can be in katie 's best interests . doctors in britain are now taking legal advice to see if they are permitted to carry out the hysterectomy on katie thorpe , who suffers from cerebral palsy .
andy rickell , executive director of disability charity scope , told the press association : `` it is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery , which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic , can be in katie 's best interests . watch why the surgery is so controversial '' `` if this enforced sterilization is approved , it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across britain . ''
london , england -- a mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation . we will be able to manage that pain much better than menstruation once a month , when katie can not tell us ` i 'm in pain . '
london , england -- a mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation . doctors in britain are now taking legal advice to see if they are permitted to carry out the hysterectomy on katie thorpe , who suffers from cerebral palsy .
london , england -- a mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation . watch why the surgery is so controversial '' `` if this enforced sterilization is approved , it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across britain . ''
we will be able to manage that pain much better than menstruation once a month , when katie can not tell us ` i 'm in pain . ' doctors in britain are now taking legal advice to see if they are permitted to carry out the hysterectomy on katie thorpe , who suffers from cerebral palsy .
we will be able to manage that pain much better than menstruation once a month , when katie can not tell us ` i 'm in pain . ' watch why the surgery is so controversial '' `` if this enforced sterilization is approved , it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across britain . ''
doctors in britain are now taking legal advice to see if they are permitted to carry out the hysterectomy on katie thorpe , who suffers from cerebral palsy . watch why the surgery is so controversial '' `` if this enforced sterilization is approved , it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across britain . ''
the board of regents , which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims , will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president , according to friday 's statement from chairman george pearsons . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- richard roberts , the embattled president of oral roberts university and the son of its namesake evangelist founder , stepped down friday , according to the school 's board of regents .
the board of regents , which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims , will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president , according to friday 's statement from chairman george pearsons . the suit also claimed oral roberts university gave a `` convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students '' and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied .
the board of regents , which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims , will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president , according to friday 's statement from chairman george pearsons . john swails , tim brooker and paulita brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses .
the board of regents , which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims , will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president , according to friday 's statement from chairman george pearsons . roberts ' decision was effective immediately and came as the school fought a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by three professors who accused him and his wife of misconduct .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- richard roberts , the embattled president of oral roberts university and the son of its namesake evangelist founder , stepped down friday , according to the school 's board of regents . the suit also claimed oral roberts university gave a `` convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students '' and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- richard roberts , the embattled president of oral roberts university and the son of its namesake evangelist founder , stepped down friday , according to the school 's board of regents . john swails , tim brooker and paulita brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- richard roberts , the embattled president of oral roberts university and the son of its namesake evangelist founder , stepped down friday , according to the school 's board of regents . roberts ' decision was effective immediately and came as the school fought a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by three professors who accused him and his wife of misconduct .
the suit also claimed oral roberts university gave a `` convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students '' and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied . john swails , tim brooker and paulita brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses .
the suit also claimed oral roberts university gave a `` convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students '' and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied . roberts ' decision was effective immediately and came as the school fought a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by three professors who accused him and his wife of misconduct .
john swails , tim brooker and paulita brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses . roberts ' decision was effective immediately and came as the school fought a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by three professors who accused him and his wife of misconduct .
the relationship between money and happiness took weiner to the middle east and qatar , a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , thanks to oil and natural gas revenues , according to the cia world factbook . weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods , choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role .
the relationship between money and happiness took weiner to the middle east and qatar , a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , thanks to oil and natural gas revenues , according to the cia world factbook . gilbert said it 's only recently that a combination of biology , sociology and psychology has been able to answer the `` where 's and why 's '' of happiness , a subject that has always fascinated people .
the relationship between money and happiness took weiner to the middle east and qatar , a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , thanks to oil and natural gas revenues , according to the cia world factbook . `` he arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass , '' said daniel gilbert , a psychology professor at harvard university and the author of `` stumbling on happiness . ''
the relationship between money and happiness took weiner to the middle east and qatar , a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , thanks to oil and natural gas revenues , according to the cia world factbook . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- it may take a lot of frequent-flier miles , a penchant for cold places , a tolerance of taxes and regular doses of chocolate , but happiness could be within reach .
weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods , choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role . gilbert said it 's only recently that a combination of biology , sociology and psychology has been able to answer the `` where 's and why 's '' of happiness , a subject that has always fascinated people .
weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods , choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role . `` he arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass , '' said daniel gilbert , a psychology professor at harvard university and the author of `` stumbling on happiness . ''
weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods , choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- it may take a lot of frequent-flier miles , a penchant for cold places , a tolerance of taxes and regular doses of chocolate , but happiness could be within reach .
gilbert said it 's only recently that a combination of biology , sociology and psychology has been able to answer the `` where 's and why 's '' of happiness , a subject that has always fascinated people . `` he arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass , '' said daniel gilbert , a psychology professor at harvard university and the author of `` stumbling on happiness . ''
gilbert said it 's only recently that a combination of biology , sociology and psychology has been able to answer the `` where 's and why 's '' of happiness , a subject that has always fascinated people . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- it may take a lot of frequent-flier miles , a penchant for cold places , a tolerance of taxes and regular doses of chocolate , but happiness could be within reach .
`` he arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass , '' said daniel gilbert , a psychology professor at harvard university and the author of `` stumbling on happiness . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- it may take a lot of frequent-flier miles , a penchant for cold places , a tolerance of taxes and regular doses of chocolate , but happiness could be within reach .
`` he was the one guy , you know , if people would be getting in a fight he 'd be trying to break it up , '' said shawn saunders , who had known hawkins for about 2 1/2 years . omaha , nebraska -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on web sites in the search for clues in the case , police said thursday .
`` he was the one guy , you know , if people would be getting in a fight he 'd be trying to break it up , '' said shawn saunders , who had known hawkins for about 2 1/2 years . police do n't yet know why hawkins chose the mall or the von maur department store in particular , warren said , adding only that the teen `` may have frequented the westroads mall . ''
`` he was the one guy , you know , if people would be getting in a fight he 'd be trying to break it up , '' said shawn saunders , who had known hawkins for about 2 1/2 years . `` certainly you ca n't anticipate someone engaging in this type of shooter rampage , but if there is any justification , any explanation , '' police will find it , he said .
`` he was the one guy , you know , if people would be getting in a fight he 'd be trying to break it up , '' said shawn saunders , who had known hawkins for about 2 1/2 years . the 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend , with whom he broke up about two weeks ago , omaha police chief thomas warren said .
omaha , nebraska -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on web sites in the search for clues in the case , police said thursday . police do n't yet know why hawkins chose the mall or the von maur department store in particular , warren said , adding only that the teen `` may have frequented the westroads mall . ''
omaha , nebraska -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on web sites in the search for clues in the case , police said thursday . `` certainly you ca n't anticipate someone engaging in this type of shooter rampage , but if there is any justification , any explanation , '' police will find it , he said .
omaha , nebraska -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on web sites in the search for clues in the case , police said thursday . the 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend , with whom he broke up about two weeks ago , omaha police chief thomas warren said .
police do n't yet know why hawkins chose the mall or the von maur department store in particular , warren said , adding only that the teen `` may have frequented the westroads mall . '' `` certainly you ca n't anticipate someone engaging in this type of shooter rampage , but if there is any justification , any explanation , '' police will find it , he said .
police do n't yet know why hawkins chose the mall or the von maur department store in particular , warren said , adding only that the teen `` may have frequented the westroads mall . '' the 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend , with whom he broke up about two weeks ago , omaha police chief thomas warren said .
`` certainly you ca n't anticipate someone engaging in this type of shooter rampage , but if there is any justification , any explanation , '' police will find it , he said . the 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend , with whom he broke up about two weeks ago , omaha police chief thomas warren said .
london , england -- nihat kahveci sent turkey into the euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and group c winners greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling bosnia-herzegovina . nihat struck at the end of a first half that fatih terim 's turkey dominated , yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments .
london , england -- nihat kahveci sent turkey into the euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and group c winners greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling bosnia-herzegovina . portugal went through from group a after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals finland while group winners poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to serbia e-mail to a friend .

london , england -- nihat kahveci sent turkey into the euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and group c winners greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling bosnia-herzegovina . michael mifsud hit back for malta after the re-start , but andre schembri was red-carded after 67-minutes before morten gamst pedersen 's strike wrapped it up all to no avail .
london , england -- nihat kahveci sent turkey into the euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and group c winners greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling bosnia-herzegovina . iversen broke the deadlock in malta after 25 minutes and fired a second from the penalty spot three minutes later -- completing his treble on the stroke of half-time .
nihat struck at the end of a first half that fatih terim 's turkey dominated , yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments . portugal went through from group a after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals finland while group winners poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to serbia e-mail to a friend .

nihat struck at the end of a first half that fatih terim 's turkey dominated , yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments . michael mifsud hit back for malta after the re-start , but andre schembri was red-carded after 67-minutes before morten gamst pedersen 's strike wrapped it up all to no avail .
nihat struck at the end of a first half that fatih terim 's turkey dominated , yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments . iversen broke the deadlock in malta after 25 minutes and fired a second from the penalty spot three minutes later -- completing his treble on the stroke of half-time .
portugal went through from group a after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals finland while group winners poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to serbia e-mail to a friend .
 michael mifsud hit back for malta after the re-start , but andre schembri was red-carded after 67-minutes before morten gamst pedersen 's strike wrapped it up all to no avail .
portugal went through from group a after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals finland while group winners poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to serbia e-mail to a friend .
 iversen broke the deadlock in malta after 25 minutes and fired a second from the penalty spot three minutes later -- completing his treble on the stroke of half-time .
michael mifsud hit back for malta after the re-start , but andre schembri was red-carded after 67-minutes before morten gamst pedersen 's strike wrapped it up all to no avail . iversen broke the deadlock in malta after 25 minutes and fired a second from the penalty spot three minutes later -- completing his treble on the stroke of half-time .
watch how ghanem 's death disrupts lebanese politics '' cnn 's beirut bureau chief brent sadler said that many lebanese now feared for the future , especially given other events in the region including the conflict between palestinians and israelis , recent political differences in iraq and iran 's bid to become a super power . against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor , the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in wednesday 's rush hour blast made its way through the city 's christian district to the sacred heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning .
watch how ghanem 's death disrupts lebanese politics '' cnn 's beirut bureau chief brent sadler said that many lebanese now feared for the future , especially given other events in the region including the conflict between palestinians and israelis , recent political differences in iraq and iran 's bid to become a super power . ghanem 's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-syrian figures , with the most notorious being the february 2005 assassination in beirut of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon .
watch how ghanem 's death disrupts lebanese politics '' cnn 's beirut bureau chief brent sadler said that many lebanese now feared for the future , especially given other events in the region including the conflict between palestinians and israelis , recent political differences in iraq and iran 's bid to become a super power . and u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice , in a written statement , said : `` the bombing that claimed these lives was another act in a campaign of terror by those who want to turn back the clock on lebanon 's hard-won democratic gains . ''
watch how ghanem 's death disrupts lebanese politics '' cnn 's beirut bureau chief brent sadler said that many lebanese now feared for the future , especially given other events in the region including the conflict between palestinians and israelis , recent political differences in iraq and iran 's bid to become a super power . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- amid high emotions and tight security , thousands lined the streets of beirut friday to honor antoine ghanem , the anti-syrian lebanese mp killed in a powerful bomb blast along with four others .
against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor , the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in wednesday 's rush hour blast made its way through the city 's christian district to the sacred heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning . ghanem 's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-syrian figures , with the most notorious being the february 2005 assassination in beirut of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon .
against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor , the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in wednesday 's rush hour blast made its way through the city 's christian district to the sacred heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning . and u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice , in a written statement , said : `` the bombing that claimed these lives was another act in a campaign of terror by those who want to turn back the clock on lebanon 's hard-won democratic gains . ''
against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor , the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in wednesday 's rush hour blast made its way through the city 's christian district to the sacred heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- amid high emotions and tight security , thousands lined the streets of beirut friday to honor antoine ghanem , the anti-syrian lebanese mp killed in a powerful bomb blast along with four others .
ghanem 's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-syrian figures , with the most notorious being the february 2005 assassination in beirut of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon . and u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice , in a written statement , said : `` the bombing that claimed these lives was another act in a campaign of terror by those who want to turn back the clock on lebanon 's hard-won democratic gains . ''
ghanem 's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-syrian figures , with the most notorious being the february 2005 assassination in beirut of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- amid high emotions and tight security , thousands lined the streets of beirut friday to honor antoine ghanem , the anti-syrian lebanese mp killed in a powerful bomb blast along with four others .
and u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice , in a written statement , said : `` the bombing that claimed these lives was another act in a campaign of terror by those who want to turn back the clock on lebanon 's hard-won democratic gains . '' beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- amid high emotions and tight security , thousands lined the streets of beirut friday to honor antoine ghanem , the anti-syrian lebanese mp killed in a powerful bomb blast along with four others .
booths at the annual event features couture clothing , jewelry and other accessories for the well-dressed doggie -- all part of the $ 40 billion pet industry . the show last weekend was aimed at owners of sophisticated canines who may be willing to pay for their pup 's own stylist .
booths at the annual event features couture clothing , jewelry and other accessories for the well-dressed doggie -- all part of the $ 40 billion pet industry . it was pet fashion week new york and these canines were not wearing the boring plaid raincoats that have sold for years .
booths at the annual event features couture clothing , jewelry and other accessories for the well-dressed doggie -- all part of the $ 40 billion pet industry . never mind the human -- the dog in haute couture was the fashionistas ' focus during pet fashion week .
booths at the annual event features couture clothing , jewelry and other accessories for the well-dressed doggie -- all part of the $ 40 billion pet industry . the glamorous pooches were accompanied by human models -- but the furry ones were getting all the attention .
the show last weekend was aimed at owners of sophisticated canines who may be willing to pay for their pup 's own stylist . it was pet fashion week new york and these canines were not wearing the boring plaid raincoats that have sold for years .
the show last weekend was aimed at owners of sophisticated canines who may be willing to pay for their pup 's own stylist . never mind the human -- the dog in haute couture was the fashionistas ' focus during pet fashion week .
the show last weekend was aimed at owners of sophisticated canines who may be willing to pay for their pup 's own stylist . the glamorous pooches were accompanied by human models -- but the furry ones were getting all the attention .
it was pet fashion week new york and these canines were not wearing the boring plaid raincoats that have sold for years . never mind the human -- the dog in haute couture was the fashionistas ' focus during pet fashion week .
it was pet fashion week new york and these canines were not wearing the boring plaid raincoats that have sold for years . the glamorous pooches were accompanied by human models -- but the furry ones were getting all the attention .
never mind the human -- the dog in haute couture was the fashionistas ' focus during pet fashion week . the glamorous pooches were accompanied by human models -- but the furry ones were getting all the attention .
salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london . those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col. mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit .
salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london . rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said .
salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london . the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a `` long-term '' jihadist program which provided military and ideological training .
salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london . italian police said tuesday 's arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians .
those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col. mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit . rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said .
those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col. mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit . the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a `` long-term '' jihadist program which provided military and ideological training .
those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col. mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit . italian police said tuesday 's arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said . the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a `` long-term '' jihadist program which provided military and ideological training .
rome , italy -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said . italian police said tuesday 's arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians .
the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a `` long-term '' jihadist program which provided military and ideological training . italian police said tuesday 's arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians .
watch cnn 's rick sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects '' rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and `` during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon sean maurice taylor , a human being , '' the indictment says . the three adult suspects -- venjah k. hunte , 20 , jason scott mitchell , 19 , and charles kendrick lee wardlow , 18 -- appeared in court tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks .
watch cnn 's rick sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects '' rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and `` during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon sean maurice taylor , a human being , '' the indictment says . miami , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a grand jury tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of washington redskins star sean taylor .
watch cnn 's rick sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects '' rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and `` during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon sean maurice taylor , a human being , '' the indictment says . authorities have said garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description .
watch cnn 's rick sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects '' rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and `` during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon sean maurice taylor , a human being , '' the indictment says . see photos from the funeral '' police said taylor and his girlfriend , jackie garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early november 26 .
the three adult suspects -- venjah k. hunte , 20 , jason scott mitchell , 19 , and charles kendrick lee wardlow , 18 -- appeared in court tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks . miami , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a grand jury tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of washington redskins star sean taylor .
the three adult suspects -- venjah k. hunte , 20 , jason scott mitchell , 19 , and charles kendrick lee wardlow , 18 -- appeared in court tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks . authorities have said garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description .
the three adult suspects -- venjah k. hunte , 20 , jason scott mitchell , 19 , and charles kendrick lee wardlow , 18 -- appeared in court tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks . see photos from the funeral '' police said taylor and his girlfriend , jackie garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early november 26 .
miami , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a grand jury tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of washington redskins star sean taylor . authorities have said garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description .
miami , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a grand jury tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of washington redskins star sean taylor . see photos from the funeral '' police said taylor and his girlfriend , jackie garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early november 26 .
authorities have said garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description . see photos from the funeral '' police said taylor and his girlfriend , jackie garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early november 26 .
nair : in india it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but i get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in america it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . and then kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen `` mississippi masala '' when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things .
nair : in india it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but i get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in america it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . nair : well , kal penn plays gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but i had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , `` this has to be your gogol . ''
nair : in india it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but i get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in america it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . it 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young gogol who is 15 and grows up in an american world because he wishes to be american .
nair : in india it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but i get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in america it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . it was at that state of mourning that i picked up this novel , and in it jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and i thought i had been understood by someone .
and then kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen `` mississippi masala '' when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things . nair : well , kal penn plays gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but i had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , `` this has to be your gogol . ''
and then kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen `` mississippi masala '' when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things . it 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young gogol who is 15 and grows up in an american world because he wishes to be american .
and then kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen `` mississippi masala '' when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things . it was at that state of mourning that i picked up this novel , and in it jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and i thought i had been understood by someone .
nair : well , kal penn plays gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but i had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , `` this has to be your gogol . '' it 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young gogol who is 15 and grows up in an american world because he wishes to be american .
nair : well , kal penn plays gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but i had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , `` this has to be your gogol . '' it was at that state of mourning that i picked up this novel , and in it jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and i thought i had been understood by someone .
it 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young gogol who is 15 and grows up in an american world because he wishes to be american . it was at that state of mourning that i picked up this novel , and in it jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and i thought i had been understood by someone .
because the shooting was `` an emotionally charged event for all of us ... we feel it 's probably better that he be housed at another facility outside of broward county , '' lamberti said , and dade county agreed to house him . hollywood , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court wednesday , authorities said .
because the shooting was `` an emotionally charged event for all of us ... we feel it 's probably better that he be housed at another facility outside of broward county , '' lamberti said , and dade county agreed to house him . the incident happened as mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a coral springs bank , sheriff al lamberti said .
because the shooting was `` an emotionally charged event for all of us ... we feel it 's probably better that he be housed at another facility outside of broward county , '' lamberti said , and dade county agreed to house him . he was being interviewed by police wednesday afternoon and was to appear before a judge at some point , he said , and afterward would be transported to dade county jail .
because the shooting was `` an emotionally charged event for all of us ... we feel it 's probably better that he be housed at another facility outside of broward county , '' lamberti said , and dade county agreed to house him . michael mazza , 40 , was arrested outside a pawn shop in hollywood , florida , hours after the death of broward county deputy paul rein sparked a massive manhunt .
hollywood , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court wednesday , authorities said . the incident happened as mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a coral springs bank , sheriff al lamberti said .
hollywood , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court wednesday , authorities said . he was being interviewed by police wednesday afternoon and was to appear before a judge at some point , he said , and afterward would be transported to dade county jail .
hollywood , florida -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court wednesday , authorities said . michael mazza , 40 , was arrested outside a pawn shop in hollywood , florida , hours after the death of broward county deputy paul rein sparked a massive manhunt .
the incident happened as mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a coral springs bank , sheriff al lamberti said . he was being interviewed by police wednesday afternoon and was to appear before a judge at some point , he said , and afterward would be transported to dade county jail .
the incident happened as mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a coral springs bank , sheriff al lamberti said . michael mazza , 40 , was arrested outside a pawn shop in hollywood , florida , hours after the death of broward county deputy paul rein sparked a massive manhunt .
he was being interviewed by police wednesday afternoon and was to appear before a judge at some point , he said , and afterward would be transported to dade county jail . michael mazza , 40 , was arrested outside a pawn shop in hollywood , florida , hours after the death of broward county deputy paul rein sparked a massive manhunt .
`` the ` gift ' of a free night 's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over 2000 years ago when the original ` mary and joseph ' had to settle for the night in a stable , '' the company says on its web site . i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , '' she said .
`` the ` gift ' of a free night 's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over 2000 years ago when the original ` mary and joseph ' had to settle for the night in a stable , '' the company says on its web site . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they ca n't refuse .
`` the ` gift ' of a free night 's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over 2000 years ago when the original ` mary and joseph ' had to settle for the night in a stable , '' the company says on its web site . almost 30 josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night 's stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain .
`` the ` gift ' of a free night 's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over 2000 years ago when the original ` mary and joseph ' had to settle for the night in a stable , '' the company says on its web site . couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said .
i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , '' she said . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they ca n't refuse .
i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , '' she said . almost 30 josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night 's stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain .
i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , '' she said . couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they ca n't refuse . almost 30 josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night 's stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they ca n't refuse . couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said .
almost 30 josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night 's stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain . couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said .
the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . `` while this is a judicial procedure -- part of a judicial procedure -- overseas in courts outside of our country , still while it is very difficult to offer any detailed comment about this situation , i think most people would be quite astonished by the situation , '' mccormack said .
the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . `` the ministry of justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because i consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , '' he said .
the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . `` it 's not only one court , it is the saudi government that is fully behind punishing a woman who 's been raped -lsb- and -rsb- punishing the lawyer who 's trying to help her and doing that both because they 've spoken to the media , '' wilcke told cnn .
the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim '' al-lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al-lahim said .
`` while this is a judicial procedure -- part of a judicial procedure -- overseas in courts outside of our country , still while it is very difficult to offer any detailed comment about this situation , i think most people would be quite astonished by the situation , '' mccormack said . `` the ministry of justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because i consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , '' he said .
`` while this is a judicial procedure -- part of a judicial procedure -- overseas in courts outside of our country , still while it is very difficult to offer any detailed comment about this situation , i think most people would be quite astonished by the situation , '' mccormack said . `` it 's not only one court , it is the saudi government that is fully behind punishing a woman who 's been raped -lsb- and -rsb- punishing the lawyer who 's trying to help her and doing that both because they 've spoken to the media , '' wilcke told cnn .
`` while this is a judicial procedure -- part of a judicial procedure -- overseas in courts outside of our country , still while it is very difficult to offer any detailed comment about this situation , i think most people would be quite astonished by the situation , '' mccormack said . watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim '' al-lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al-lahim said .
`` the ministry of justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because i consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , '' he said . `` it 's not only one court , it is the saudi government that is fully behind punishing a woman who 's been raped -lsb- and -rsb- punishing the lawyer who 's trying to help her and doing that both because they 've spoken to the media , '' wilcke told cnn .
`` the ministry of justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because i consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , '' he said . watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim '' al-lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al-lahim said .
`` it 's not only one court , it is the saudi government that is fully behind punishing a woman who 's been raped -lsb- and -rsb- punishing the lawyer who 's trying to help her and doing that both because they 've spoken to the media , '' wilcke told cnn . watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim '' al-lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al-lahim said .
library director timothy naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the saudis more involved in solving the palestinian-israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the arab view that the united states always sides with israel and how to build up moderate palestinians to counter extremists . in 1970 , as king hussein dealt with threats by both palestinian refugees in his country and syrian military forces crossing jordan 's border , the king asked `` the united states and great britain to intervene in the war in jordan , asking the united states , in fact , to attack syria , '' naftali said .
library director timothy naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the saudis more involved in solving the palestinian-israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the arab view that the united states always sides with israel and how to build up moderate palestinians to counter extremists . documents detail u.s. efforts to persuade saudi arabia to move away from fatah , the military wing of the palestine liberation organization , because u.s. officials believed the plo was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-israel group black september , referred to as bso .
library director timothy naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the saudis more involved in solving the palestinian-israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the arab view that the united states always sides with israel and how to build up moderate palestinians to counter extremists . `` we are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for richard nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , '' said naftali .
library director timothy naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the saudis more involved in solving the palestinian-israeli conflict , how to get them more engaged against terrorism , how to address the arab view that the united states always sides with israel and how to build up moderate palestinians to counter extremists . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- jordan 's king hussein sent a secret message to president richard nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack syria , according to declassified documents released wednesday by the former president 's library .
in 1970 , as king hussein dealt with threats by both palestinian refugees in his country and syrian military forces crossing jordan 's border , the king asked `` the united states and great britain to intervene in the war in jordan , asking the united states , in fact , to attack syria , '' naftali said . documents detail u.s. efforts to persuade saudi arabia to move away from fatah , the military wing of the palestine liberation organization , because u.s. officials believed the plo was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-israel group black september , referred to as bso .
in 1970 , as king hussein dealt with threats by both palestinian refugees in his country and syrian military forces crossing jordan 's border , the king asked `` the united states and great britain to intervene in the war in jordan , asking the united states , in fact , to attack syria , '' naftali said . `` we are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for richard nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , '' said naftali .
in 1970 , as king hussein dealt with threats by both palestinian refugees in his country and syrian military forces crossing jordan 's border , the king asked `` the united states and great britain to intervene in the war in jordan , asking the united states , in fact , to attack syria , '' naftali said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- jordan 's king hussein sent a secret message to president richard nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack syria , according to declassified documents released wednesday by the former president 's library .
documents detail u.s. efforts to persuade saudi arabia to move away from fatah , the military wing of the palestine liberation organization , because u.s. officials believed the plo was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-israel group black september , referred to as bso . `` we are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for richard nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , '' said naftali .
documents detail u.s. efforts to persuade saudi arabia to move away from fatah , the military wing of the palestine liberation organization , because u.s. officials believed the plo was supporting the terrorist-linked , anti-israel group black september , referred to as bso . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- jordan 's king hussein sent a secret message to president richard nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack syria , according to declassified documents released wednesday by the former president 's library .
`` we are declassifying the records today that laid the basis for richard nixon 's decision in 1969 to accept the fact , a fact of life , that israel had a bomb , a nuclear device , '' said naftali . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- jordan 's king hussein sent a secret message to president richard nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack syria , according to declassified documents released wednesday by the former president 's library .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the cia asked the justice department to investigate whether former operative john kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect , government officials say . watch how a suspect is waterboarded '' kiriakou told cnn he was unaware that cia interrogations were being taped , but that the tapes should have been kept `` as a matter of historical record . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the cia asked the justice department to investigate whether former operative john kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect , government officials say . `` doing so will unlock a pandora 's box that will place a spotlight on the information in question as to the lawfulness of the alleged conduct and the activities of those involved . ''
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the cia asked the justice department to investigate whether former operative john kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect , government officials say . kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on abu zubayda , but that he was told the al qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the cia asked the justice department to investigate whether former operative john kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect , government officials say . written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication , and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the justice department after the fact .
watch how a suspect is waterboarded '' kiriakou told cnn he was unaware that cia interrogations were being taped , but that the tapes should have been kept `` as a matter of historical record . '' `` doing so will unlock a pandora 's box that will place a spotlight on the information in question as to the lawfulness of the alleged conduct and the activities of those involved . ''
watch how a suspect is waterboarded '' kiriakou told cnn he was unaware that cia interrogations were being taped , but that the tapes should have been kept `` as a matter of historical record . '' kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on abu zubayda , but that he was told the al qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds .
watch how a suspect is waterboarded '' kiriakou told cnn he was unaware that cia interrogations were being taped , but that the tapes should have been kept `` as a matter of historical record . '' written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication , and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the justice department after the fact .
`` doing so will unlock a pandora 's box that will place a spotlight on the information in question as to the lawfulness of the alleged conduct and the activities of those involved . '' kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on abu zubayda , but that he was told the al qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds .
`` doing so will unlock a pandora 's box that will place a spotlight on the information in question as to the lawfulness of the alleged conduct and the activities of those involved . '' written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication , and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the justice department after the fact .
kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on abu zubayda , but that he was told the al qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds . written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication , and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the justice department after the fact .
in addition to federal prosecutors , the national transportation safety board is investigating the accident , and ntsb spokeswoman debbie hersman said sunday that agency was interviewing the pilot , the ship 's crew , and other pilots who were on the water at the time of wednesday 's crash . san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- `` human error factors '' probably were involved in a ship crash and oil spill that killed nearly 400 birds in san francisco bay and prompted a federal criminal probe , the u.s. coast guard said monday .
in addition to federal prosecutors , the national transportation safety board is investigating the accident , and ntsb spokeswoman debbie hersman said sunday that agency was interviewing the pilot , the ship 's crew , and other pilots who were on the water at the time of wednesday 's crash . watch allen on the criminal probe '' the cosco busan was departing oakland for south korea when it struck a tower supporting the western suspension span of the bay bridge , cutting a 212-foot , 12-foot wide gash in the ship 's side .
in addition to federal prosecutors , the national transportation safety board is investigating the accident , and ntsb spokeswoman debbie hersman said sunday that agency was interviewing the pilot , the ship 's crew , and other pilots who were on the water at the time of wednesday 's crash . nearly 400 dead birds have been recovered from the bay , while another 500 birds have been rescued alive but soaked in oil , according to lisa curtis , administrator of the department of fish and games office of spill prevention and response .
in addition to federal prosecutors , the national transportation safety board is investigating the accident , and ntsb spokeswoman debbie hersman said sunday that agency was interviewing the pilot , the ship 's crew , and other pilots who were on the water at the time of wednesday 's crash . the ntsb also intends to review the ship 's voyage data recorder , which should have recorded captain and crew conversations on the bridge and other information in the 12 hours leading up to the bridge collision , hersman said .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- `` human error factors '' probably were involved in a ship crash and oil spill that killed nearly 400 birds in san francisco bay and prompted a federal criminal probe , the u.s. coast guard said monday . watch allen on the criminal probe '' the cosco busan was departing oakland for south korea when it struck a tower supporting the western suspension span of the bay bridge , cutting a 212-foot , 12-foot wide gash in the ship 's side .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- `` human error factors '' probably were involved in a ship crash and oil spill that killed nearly 400 birds in san francisco bay and prompted a federal criminal probe , the u.s. coast guard said monday . nearly 400 dead birds have been recovered from the bay , while another 500 birds have been rescued alive but soaked in oil , according to lisa curtis , administrator of the department of fish and games office of spill prevention and response .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- `` human error factors '' probably were involved in a ship crash and oil spill that killed nearly 400 birds in san francisco bay and prompted a federal criminal probe , the u.s. coast guard said monday . the ntsb also intends to review the ship 's voyage data recorder , which should have recorded captain and crew conversations on the bridge and other information in the 12 hours leading up to the bridge collision , hersman said .
watch allen on the criminal probe '' the cosco busan was departing oakland for south korea when it struck a tower supporting the western suspension span of the bay bridge , cutting a 212-foot , 12-foot wide gash in the ship 's side . nearly 400 dead birds have been recovered from the bay , while another 500 birds have been rescued alive but soaked in oil , according to lisa curtis , administrator of the department of fish and games office of spill prevention and response .
watch allen on the criminal probe '' the cosco busan was departing oakland for south korea when it struck a tower supporting the western suspension span of the bay bridge , cutting a 212-foot , 12-foot wide gash in the ship 's side . the ntsb also intends to review the ship 's voyage data recorder , which should have recorded captain and crew conversations on the bridge and other information in the 12 hours leading up to the bridge collision , hersman said .
nearly 400 dead birds have been recovered from the bay , while another 500 birds have been rescued alive but soaked in oil , according to lisa curtis , administrator of the department of fish and games office of spill prevention and response . the ntsb also intends to review the ship 's voyage data recorder , which should have recorded captain and crew conversations on the bridge and other information in the 12 hours leading up to the bridge collision , hersman said .
if you 're not dating anyone , take some time to indulge yourself -lrb- a luxurious bar of chocolate , a pedicure -rrb- , do something relaxing -lrb- take a yoga class or get a massage -rrb- or spend time with some of your closest friends . four years ago , she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-valentine 's day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear .
if you 're not dating anyone , take some time to indulge yourself -lrb- a luxurious bar of chocolate , a pedicure -rrb- , do something relaxing -lrb- take a yoga class or get a massage -rrb- or spend time with some of your closest friends . brian wise , a 32-year-old technical writer from seattle has seen his valentine 's day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs -lrb- and not in a good way -rrb- .
if you 're not dating anyone , take some time to indulge yourself -lrb- a luxurious bar of chocolate , a pedicure -rrb- , do something relaxing -lrb- take a yoga class or get a massage -rrb- or spend time with some of your closest friends . home alone on february 14 in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex-boyfriend 's e-mail and discovered he 'd had contact with several other women while they were together .
if you 're not dating anyone , take some time to indulge yourself -lrb- a luxurious bar of chocolate , a pedicure -rrb- , do something relaxing -lrb- take a yoga class or get a massage -rrb- or spend time with some of your closest friends . wise talked his way out of an arrest -lrb- luckily , one of the policemen had eaten at the same place -rrb- but he 's found no release from his unlucky valentine 's .
four years ago , she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-valentine 's day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear . brian wise , a 32-year-old technical writer from seattle has seen his valentine 's day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs -lrb- and not in a good way -rrb- .
four years ago , she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-valentine 's day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear . home alone on february 14 in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex-boyfriend 's e-mail and discovered he 'd had contact with several other women while they were together .
four years ago , she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-valentine 's day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear . wise talked his way out of an arrest -lrb- luckily , one of the policemen had eaten at the same place -rrb- but he 's found no release from his unlucky valentine 's .
brian wise , a 32-year-old technical writer from seattle has seen his valentine 's day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs -lrb- and not in a good way -rrb- . home alone on february 14 in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex-boyfriend 's e-mail and discovered he 'd had contact with several other women while they were together .
brian wise , a 32-year-old technical writer from seattle has seen his valentine 's day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs -lrb- and not in a good way -rrb- . wise talked his way out of an arrest -lrb- luckily , one of the policemen had eaten at the same place -rrb- but he 's found no release from his unlucky valentine 's .
home alone on february 14 in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex-boyfriend 's e-mail and discovered he 'd had contact with several other women while they were together . wise talked his way out of an arrest -lrb- luckily , one of the policemen had eaten at the same place -rrb- but he 's found no release from his unlucky valentine 's .
james orange , a civil rights activist whose 1965 jailing sparked a fatal protest that ultimately led to the famed selma-to-montgomery march and the voting rights act , died saturday at atlanta 's crawford long hospital , the southern christian leadership conference said in a statement . fowler has claimed he shot jackson in self-defense , but orange and elijah rollins , who was upstairs at a nearby cafe when the shooting took place , last year disputed claims that protesters were throwing rocks and bottles at police .
james orange , a civil rights activist whose 1965 jailing sparked a fatal protest that ultimately led to the famed selma-to-montgomery march and the voting rights act , died saturday at atlanta 's crawford long hospital , the southern christian leadership conference said in a statement . in may 2007 , a former alabama state trooper , james b. fowler , now 74 , was indicted in jackson 's shooting , one of several cases involving the deaths of civil rights activists that prosecutors have revived in recent years .
james orange , a civil rights activist whose 1965 jailing sparked a fatal protest that ultimately led to the famed selma-to-montgomery march and the voting rights act , died saturday at atlanta 's crawford long hospital , the southern christian leadership conference said in a statement . orange was a native of birmingham , alabama , `` who resided in southwest atlanta for four decades while fighting the good fight for equality and social justice for all mankind , '' said the sclc , a civil rights organization .
james orange , a civil rights activist whose 1965 jailing sparked a fatal protest that ultimately led to the famed selma-to-montgomery march and the voting rights act , died saturday at atlanta 's crawford long hospital , the southern christian leadership conference said in a statement . orange was arrested and jailed in perry county , alabama , in 1965 on charges of disorderly conduct and contributing to the delinquency of minors for enlisting students to aid in voting rights drives .
fowler has claimed he shot jackson in self-defense , but orange and elijah rollins , who was upstairs at a nearby cafe when the shooting took place , last year disputed claims that protesters were throwing rocks and bottles at police . in may 2007 , a former alabama state trooper , james b. fowler , now 74 , was indicted in jackson 's shooting , one of several cases involving the deaths of civil rights activists that prosecutors have revived in recent years .
fowler has claimed he shot jackson in self-defense , but orange and elijah rollins , who was upstairs at a nearby cafe when the shooting took place , last year disputed claims that protesters were throwing rocks and bottles at police . orange was a native of birmingham , alabama , `` who resided in southwest atlanta for four decades while fighting the good fight for equality and social justice for all mankind , '' said the sclc , a civil rights organization .
fowler has claimed he shot jackson in self-defense , but orange and elijah rollins , who was upstairs at a nearby cafe when the shooting took place , last year disputed claims that protesters were throwing rocks and bottles at police . orange was arrested and jailed in perry county , alabama , in 1965 on charges of disorderly conduct and contributing to the delinquency of minors for enlisting students to aid in voting rights drives .
in may 2007 , a former alabama state trooper , james b. fowler , now 74 , was indicted in jackson 's shooting , one of several cases involving the deaths of civil rights activists that prosecutors have revived in recent years . orange was a native of birmingham , alabama , `` who resided in southwest atlanta for four decades while fighting the good fight for equality and social justice for all mankind , '' said the sclc , a civil rights organization .
in may 2007 , a former alabama state trooper , james b. fowler , now 74 , was indicted in jackson 's shooting , one of several cases involving the deaths of civil rights activists that prosecutors have revived in recent years . orange was arrested and jailed in perry county , alabama , in 1965 on charges of disorderly conduct and contributing to the delinquency of minors for enlisting students to aid in voting rights drives .
orange was a native of birmingham , alabama , `` who resided in southwest atlanta for four decades while fighting the good fight for equality and social justice for all mankind , '' said the sclc , a civil rights organization . orange was arrested and jailed in perry county , alabama , in 1965 on charges of disorderly conduct and contributing to the delinquency of minors for enlisting students to aid in voting rights drives .
international agencies , such as the united nations and the arab league , and many countries in the region and in europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- oscar-winning actress angelina jolie is visiting iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million `` very very vulnerable '' internally displaced people in the wartorn country .
international agencies , such as the united nations and the arab league , and many countries in the region and in europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from syria and jordan and find that their homes are `` occupied '' by others or `` bombed out . ''
international agencies , such as the united nations and the arab league , and many countries in the region and in europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . jolie is talking with u.s. officials , including top u.s. gen. david petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said `` needs to be addressed and solved . ''
international agencies , such as the united nations and the arab league , and many countries in the region and in europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the u.s. effort to resettle iraqi refugees in the united states , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by september .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- oscar-winning actress angelina jolie is visiting iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million `` very very vulnerable '' internally displaced people in the wartorn country . jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from syria and jordan and find that their homes are `` occupied '' by others or `` bombed out . ''
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- oscar-winning actress angelina jolie is visiting iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million `` very very vulnerable '' internally displaced people in the wartorn country . jolie is talking with u.s. officials , including top u.s. gen. david petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said `` needs to be addressed and solved . ''
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- oscar-winning actress angelina jolie is visiting iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million `` very very vulnerable '' internally displaced people in the wartorn country . jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the u.s. effort to resettle iraqi refugees in the united states , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by september .
jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from syria and jordan and find that their homes are `` occupied '' by others or `` bombed out . '' jolie is talking with u.s. officials , including top u.s. gen. david petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said `` needs to be addressed and solved . ''
jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from syria and jordan and find that their homes are `` occupied '' by others or `` bombed out . '' jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the u.s. effort to resettle iraqi refugees in the united states , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by september .
jolie is talking with u.s. officials , including top u.s. gen. david petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said `` needs to be addressed and solved . '' jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the u.s. effort to resettle iraqi refugees in the united states , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by september .
naples , italy -- udinese remained in fifth place in italy 's serie a after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to napoli on saturday , with both teams having a player sent off . ezequiel lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months , netting on 74 and 75 as napoli moved up to ninth in the table .
naples , italy -- udinese remained in fifth place in italy 's serie a after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to napoli on saturday , with both teams having a player sent off . palermo keeper alberto fontana saved a penalty by francesco tavano at the end of the first half , and had to make several vital stops in the first opening period .
naples , italy -- udinese remained in fifth place in italy 's serie a after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to napoli on saturday , with both teams having a player sent off . pepe leveled the score on nine minutes , and then napoli played with 10 men from the 36th minute after paolo cannavaro was expelled for a last-man foul .
naples , italy -- udinese remained in fifth place in italy 's serie a after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to napoli on saturday , with both teams having a player sent off . genoa are at home to catania , third-placed juventus host bottom club cagliari , sampdoria travel to lazio , parma play atalanta and reggina face fellow strugglers torino .
ezequiel lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months , netting on 74 and 75 as napoli moved up to ninth in the table . palermo keeper alberto fontana saved a penalty by francesco tavano at the end of the first half , and had to make several vital stops in the first opening period .
ezequiel lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months , netting on 74 and 75 as napoli moved up to ninth in the table . pepe leveled the score on nine minutes , and then napoli played with 10 men from the 36th minute after paolo cannavaro was expelled for a last-man foul .
ezequiel lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months , netting on 74 and 75 as napoli moved up to ninth in the table . genoa are at home to catania , third-placed juventus host bottom club cagliari , sampdoria travel to lazio , parma play atalanta and reggina face fellow strugglers torino .
palermo keeper alberto fontana saved a penalty by francesco tavano at the end of the first half , and had to make several vital stops in the first opening period . pepe leveled the score on nine minutes , and then napoli played with 10 men from the 36th minute after paolo cannavaro was expelled for a last-man foul .
palermo keeper alberto fontana saved a penalty by francesco tavano at the end of the first half , and had to make several vital stops in the first opening period . genoa are at home to catania , third-placed juventus host bottom club cagliari , sampdoria travel to lazio , parma play atalanta and reggina face fellow strugglers torino .
pepe leveled the score on nine minutes , and then napoli played with 10 men from the 36th minute after paolo cannavaro was expelled for a last-man foul . genoa are at home to catania , third-placed juventus host bottom club cagliari , sampdoria travel to lazio , parma play atalanta and reggina face fellow strugglers torino .
but as vic sheppard , emirates vice president for uk and ireland says , `` cost is not an issue '' , especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags . the # 150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the uk -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with emirates to and from dubai , and transferring through heathrow .
but as vic sheppard , emirates vice president for uk and ireland says , `` cost is not an issue '' , especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags . ultimately , the use of rfid could extend services to frequent flyers , and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in , and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery .
but as vic sheppard , emirates vice president for uk and ireland says , `` cost is not an issue '' , especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a six-month trial was launched this week that promises to transform the way luggage is tracked and monitored at london 's heathrow airport .
but as vic sheppard , emirates vice president for uk and ireland says , `` cost is not an issue '' , especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags . the main benefits , however , will be for travelers passing through major hubs such as heathrow and dubai , as this system offers better processing of baggage on transfer flights .
the # 150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the uk -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with emirates to and from dubai , and transferring through heathrow . ultimately , the use of rfid could extend services to frequent flyers , and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in , and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery .
the # 150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the uk -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with emirates to and from dubai , and transferring through heathrow . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a six-month trial was launched this week that promises to transform the way luggage is tracked and monitored at london 's heathrow airport .
the # 150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the uk -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with emirates to and from dubai , and transferring through heathrow . the main benefits , however , will be for travelers passing through major hubs such as heathrow and dubai , as this system offers better processing of baggage on transfer flights .
ultimately , the use of rfid could extend services to frequent flyers , and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in , and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a six-month trial was launched this week that promises to transform the way luggage is tracked and monitored at london 's heathrow airport .
ultimately , the use of rfid could extend services to frequent flyers , and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in , and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery . the main benefits , however , will be for travelers passing through major hubs such as heathrow and dubai , as this system offers better processing of baggage on transfer flights .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a six-month trial was launched this week that promises to transform the way luggage is tracked and monitored at london 's heathrow airport . the main benefits , however , will be for travelers passing through major hubs such as heathrow and dubai , as this system offers better processing of baggage on transfer flights .
hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against syria known as the `` cedar revolution , '' which brought siniora 's government to power and forced syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in lebanon for three decades . both eido , a sunni muslim , and itani are members of the bloc led by saad hariri -- the son of former prime minister rafik hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval .
hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against syria known as the `` cedar revolution , '' which brought siniora 's government to power and forced syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in lebanon for three decades . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- supporters and opponents of lebanon 's pro-western government appeared to split seats on sunday as lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months .
hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against syria known as the `` cedar revolution , '' which brought siniora 's government to power and forced syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in lebanon for three decades . gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of prime minister fouad siniora before being gunned down in his car in november 2006 .
hariri 's killing triggered a wave of protests against syria known as the `` cedar revolution , '' which brought siniora 's government to power and forced syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in lebanon for three decades . but in metn , a maronite christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate camille khouri upset former president amin gemayel by a few hundred votes , lebanese television network lbc reported .
both eido , a sunni muslim , and itani are members of the bloc led by saad hariri -- the son of former prime minister rafik hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval . beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- supporters and opponents of lebanon 's pro-western government appeared to split seats on sunday as lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months .
both eido , a sunni muslim , and itani are members of the bloc led by saad hariri -- the son of former prime minister rafik hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval . gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of prime minister fouad siniora before being gunned down in his car in november 2006 .
both eido , a sunni muslim , and itani are members of the bloc led by saad hariri -- the son of former prime minister rafik hariri , whose 2005 killing triggered lebanon 's current wave of political upheaval . but in metn , a maronite christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate camille khouri upset former president amin gemayel by a few hundred votes , lebanese television network lbc reported .
beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- supporters and opponents of lebanon 's pro-western government appeared to split seats on sunday as lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months . gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of prime minister fouad siniora before being gunned down in his car in november 2006 .
beirut , lebanon -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- supporters and opponents of lebanon 's pro-western government appeared to split seats on sunday as lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months . but in metn , a maronite christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate camille khouri upset former president amin gemayel by a few hundred votes , lebanese television network lbc reported .
gemayel was seeking the seat held by his son pierre , who served as industry minister in the government of prime minister fouad siniora before being gunned down in his car in november 2006 . but in metn , a maronite christian suburb east of the capital , anti-government candidate camille khouri upset former president amin gemayel by a few hundred votes , lebanese television network lbc reported .
'' boyd was referring to a meeting on january 3 between ron and loretta murray , whose 24-year-old son matthew carried out the december 9 attack at new life church , and david and marie works , whose daughters , stephanie , 18 , and rachael , 16 , were killed in the rampage . matthew murray began his assault that day at the youth with a mission center in arvada , colorado , killing two people -- tiffany johnson , 26 , and philip crouse , 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the new life church , about 80 miles away .
'' boyd was referring to a meeting on january 3 between ron and loretta murray , whose 24-year-old son matthew carried out the december 9 attack at new life church , and david and marie works , whose daughters , stephanie , 18 , and rachael , 16 , were killed in the rampage . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pastor brady boyd calls it the `` highlight of my ministry '' -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack .
'' boyd was referring to a meeting on january 3 between ron and loretta murray , whose 24-year-old son matthew carried out the december 9 attack at new life church , and david and marie works , whose daughters , stephanie , 18 , and rachael , 16 , were killed in the rampage . the visit , she said , was `` very , very , very important '' in the healing process for the murrays as they deal with the loss of their son and the terror he inflicted .
'' boyd was referring to a meeting on january 3 between ron and loretta murray , whose 24-year-old son matthew carried out the december 9 attack at new life church , and david and marie works , whose daughters , stephanie , 18 , and rachael , 16 , were killed in the rampage . at one point , the parents also met with security guard jeanne assam , who shot their son in the leg before he turned his gun on himself .
matthew murray began his assault that day at the youth with a mission center in arvada , colorado , killing two people -- tiffany johnson , 26 , and philip crouse , 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the new life church , about 80 miles away . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pastor brady boyd calls it the `` highlight of my ministry '' -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack .
matthew murray began his assault that day at the youth with a mission center in arvada , colorado , killing two people -- tiffany johnson , 26 , and philip crouse , 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the new life church , about 80 miles away . the visit , she said , was `` very , very , very important '' in the healing process for the murrays as they deal with the loss of their son and the terror he inflicted .
matthew murray began his assault that day at the youth with a mission center in arvada , colorado , killing two people -- tiffany johnson , 26 , and philip crouse , 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the new life church , about 80 miles away . at one point , the parents also met with security guard jeanne assam , who shot their son in the leg before he turned his gun on himself .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pastor brady boyd calls it the `` highlight of my ministry '' -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack . the visit , she said , was `` very , very , very important '' in the healing process for the murrays as they deal with the loss of their son and the terror he inflicted .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pastor brady boyd calls it the `` highlight of my ministry '' -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack . at one point , the parents also met with security guard jeanne assam , who shot their son in the leg before he turned his gun on himself .
the visit , she said , was `` very , very , very important '' in the healing process for the murrays as they deal with the loss of their son and the terror he inflicted . at one point , the parents also met with security guard jeanne assam , who shot their son in the leg before he turned his gun on himself .
the united states considers iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in iraq and in afghanistan where u.s. troops are battling taliban and al qaeda remnants more than six years after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . the controversial , outspoken president wanted to `` pay his respects '' and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al qaeda attacks during his visit to the u.n. general assembly , police commissioner raymond kelly said , citing iranian officials .
the united states considers iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in iraq and in afghanistan where u.s. troops are battling taliban and al qaeda remnants more than six years after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . watch why new york said no to iranian leader '' the iranian mission to the u.n. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued wednesday evening , it called the rejection `` unfortunate . ''
the united states considers iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in iraq and in afghanistan where u.s. troops are battling taliban and al qaeda remnants more than six years after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . and former mayor rudy giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his gop presidential bid -- said that `` under no circumstances '' should ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the world trade center site .
the united states considers iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in iraq and in afghanistan where u.s. troops are battling taliban and al qaeda remnants more than six years after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- city officials in new york have denied iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed world trade center next week , a police spokesman said wednesday .
the controversial , outspoken president wanted to `` pay his respects '' and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al qaeda attacks during his visit to the u.n. general assembly , police commissioner raymond kelly said , citing iranian officials . watch why new york said no to iranian leader '' the iranian mission to the u.n. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued wednesday evening , it called the rejection `` unfortunate . ''
the controversial , outspoken president wanted to `` pay his respects '' and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al qaeda attacks during his visit to the u.n. general assembly , police commissioner raymond kelly said , citing iranian officials . and former mayor rudy giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his gop presidential bid -- said that `` under no circumstances '' should ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the world trade center site .
the controversial , outspoken president wanted to `` pay his respects '' and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al qaeda attacks during his visit to the u.n. general assembly , police commissioner raymond kelly said , citing iranian officials . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- city officials in new york have denied iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed world trade center next week , a police spokesman said wednesday .
watch why new york said no to iranian leader '' the iranian mission to the u.n. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued wednesday evening , it called the rejection `` unfortunate . '' and former mayor rudy giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his gop presidential bid -- said that `` under no circumstances '' should ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the world trade center site .
watch why new york said no to iranian leader '' the iranian mission to the u.n. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued wednesday evening , it called the rejection `` unfortunate . '' new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- city officials in new york have denied iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed world trade center next week , a police spokesman said wednesday .
and former mayor rudy giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his gop presidential bid -- said that `` under no circumstances '' should ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the world trade center site . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- city officials in new york have denied iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed world trade center next week , a police spokesman said wednesday .
lubet noted that , although nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat , she was `` subjected to a barrage of questions '' beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call . on the audiotape of the interview , there was no audible response from nowak on whether she understood that her statements could be used against her in court , and when she was asked whether anyone had threatened or promised her anything to get her to talk to police , lubet wrote .
lubet noted that , although nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat , she was `` subjected to a barrage of questions '' beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call . at the august hearing , becton testified that when he searched nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport , maps of the airport 's layout , a buck knife and papers including a letter nowak appeared to have written to oefelein 's mother .
lubet noted that , although nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat , she was `` subjected to a barrage of questions '' beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a florida judge friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival , ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial .
lubet noted that , although nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat , she was `` subjected to a barrage of questions '' beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call . prosecutors accuse nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from houston to orlando -- wearing nasa diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot .
on the audiotape of the interview , there was no audible response from nowak on whether she understood that her statements could be used against her in court , and when she was asked whether anyone had threatened or promised her anything to get her to talk to police , lubet wrote . at the august hearing , becton testified that when he searched nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport , maps of the airport 's layout , a buck knife and papers including a letter nowak appeared to have written to oefelein 's mother .
on the audiotape of the interview , there was no audible response from nowak on whether she understood that her statements could be used against her in court , and when she was asked whether anyone had threatened or promised her anything to get her to talk to police , lubet wrote . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a florida judge friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival , ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial .
on the audiotape of the interview , there was no audible response from nowak on whether she understood that her statements could be used against her in court , and when she was asked whether anyone had threatened or promised her anything to get her to talk to police , lubet wrote . prosecutors accuse nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from houston to orlando -- wearing nasa diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot .
at the august hearing , becton testified that when he searched nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport , maps of the airport 's layout , a buck knife and papers including a letter nowak appeared to have written to oefelein 's mother . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a florida judge friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival , ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial .
at the august hearing , becton testified that when he searched nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport , maps of the airport 's layout , a buck knife and papers including a letter nowak appeared to have written to oefelein 's mother . prosecutors accuse nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from houston to orlando -- wearing nasa diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a florida judge friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival , ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial . prosecutors accuse nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from houston to orlando -- wearing nasa diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot .
khan -- a native of pakistan who attended high school in baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret cia prisons and `` subjected to an aggressive cia detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture , '' attorney gitanjali s. gutierrez claims in the court documents . details of khan 's torture claims are redacted in the filing -- a whole page is blacked out -- but khan 's attorneys say he suffers `` severe physical and psychological trauma from which he is unlikely ever to recover fully '' as a result of his ordeal .
khan -- a native of pakistan who attended high school in baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret cia prisons and `` subjected to an aggressive cia detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture , '' attorney gitanjali s. gutierrez claims in the court documents . gutierrez and another ccr attorney , wells dixon , also released declassified notes of their meetings with khan , saying he has been on hunger strikes while in guantanamo , is `` painfully thin and pale '' and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder .
khan -- a native of pakistan who attended high school in baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret cia prisons and `` subjected to an aggressive cia detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture , '' attorney gitanjali s. gutierrez claims in the court documents . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attorneys for a `` high-value '' terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret cia prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture .
khan -- a native of pakistan who attended high school in baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret cia prisons and `` subjected to an aggressive cia detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture , '' attorney gitanjali s. gutierrez claims in the court documents . `` the careful , professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports , revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al qaeda 's operations and organization , foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives , '' gimigliano said .
details of khan 's torture claims are redacted in the filing -- a whole page is blacked out -- but khan 's attorneys say he suffers `` severe physical and psychological trauma from which he is unlikely ever to recover fully '' as a result of his ordeal . gutierrez and another ccr attorney , wells dixon , also released declassified notes of their meetings with khan , saying he has been on hunger strikes while in guantanamo , is `` painfully thin and pale '' and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder .
details of khan 's torture claims are redacted in the filing -- a whole page is blacked out -- but khan 's attorneys say he suffers `` severe physical and psychological trauma from which he is unlikely ever to recover fully '' as a result of his ordeal . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attorneys for a `` high-value '' terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret cia prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture .
details of khan 's torture claims are redacted in the filing -- a whole page is blacked out -- but khan 's attorneys say he suffers `` severe physical and psychological trauma from which he is unlikely ever to recover fully '' as a result of his ordeal . `` the careful , professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports , revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al qaeda 's operations and organization , foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives , '' gimigliano said .
gutierrez and another ccr attorney , wells dixon , also released declassified notes of their meetings with khan , saying he has been on hunger strikes while in guantanamo , is `` painfully thin and pale '' and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attorneys for a `` high-value '' terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret cia prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture .
gutierrez and another ccr attorney , wells dixon , also released declassified notes of their meetings with khan , saying he has been on hunger strikes while in guantanamo , is `` painfully thin and pale '' and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . `` the careful , professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports , revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al qaeda 's operations and organization , foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives , '' gimigliano said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- attorneys for a `` high-value '' terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret cia prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture . `` the careful , professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports , revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al qaeda 's operations and organization , foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives , '' gimigliano said .
see the `` skull lady '' at work '' she hopes that when the faces of those killed get printed in newspapers or appear on tv or online , a friend or loved one recognizes them and says , `` gee , we have n't seen so-and-so for a while , and that kind of looks like him . '' when fort myers , florida , police found eight sets of human remains in the woods in march , they turned to her -- anything to help identify the people who were so mercilessly left to rot amid the trees and mud . ''
see the `` skull lady '' at work '' she hopes that when the faces of those killed get printed in newspapers or appear on tv or online , a friend or loved one recognizes them and says , `` gee , we have n't seen so-and-so for a while , and that kind of looks like him . '' `` i start working , and 15 hours can go by , and i do n't get up and move , and you do n't realize how much time has gone by , and , well , that 's how intense i get , '' she said .
see the `` skull lady '' at work '' she hopes that when the faces of those killed get printed in newspapers or appear on tv or online , a friend or loved one recognizes them and says , `` gee , we have n't seen so-and-so for a while , and that kind of looks like him . '' `` going into this , i knew there would be some level of subjectivity in the art part of it , but i think what it does is generate the interest , '' fort myers police detective barry lewis said .
see the `` skull lady '' at work '' she hopes that when the faces of those killed get printed in newspapers or appear on tv or online , a friend or loved one recognizes them and says , `` gee , we have n't seen so-and-so for a while , and that kind of looks like him . '' and that was exactly the case in fort myers , where police were desperate for any information on the dead they found : eight men killed , their bodies discovered in a wooded area on march 23 , 2007 .
when fort myers , florida , police found eight sets of human remains in the woods in march , they turned to her -- anything to help identify the people who were so mercilessly left to rot amid the trees and mud . '' `` i start working , and 15 hours can go by , and i do n't get up and move , and you do n't realize how much time has gone by , and , well , that 's how intense i get , '' she said .
when fort myers , florida , police found eight sets of human remains in the woods in march , they turned to her -- anything to help identify the people who were so mercilessly left to rot amid the trees and mud . '' `` going into this , i knew there would be some level of subjectivity in the art part of it , but i think what it does is generate the interest , '' fort myers police detective barry lewis said .
when fort myers , florida , police found eight sets of human remains in the woods in march , they turned to her -- anything to help identify the people who were so mercilessly left to rot amid the trees and mud . '' and that was exactly the case in fort myers , where police were desperate for any information on the dead they found : eight men killed , their bodies discovered in a wooded area on march 23 , 2007 .
`` i start working , and 15 hours can go by , and i do n't get up and move , and you do n't realize how much time has gone by , and , well , that 's how intense i get , '' she said . `` going into this , i knew there would be some level of subjectivity in the art part of it , but i think what it does is generate the interest , '' fort myers police detective barry lewis said .
`` i start working , and 15 hours can go by , and i do n't get up and move , and you do n't realize how much time has gone by , and , well , that 's how intense i get , '' she said . and that was exactly the case in fort myers , where police were desperate for any information on the dead they found : eight men killed , their bodies discovered in a wooded area on march 23 , 2007 .
`` going into this , i knew there would be some level of subjectivity in the art part of it , but i think what it does is generate the interest , '' fort myers police detective barry lewis said . and that was exactly the case in fort myers , where police were desperate for any information on the dead they found : eight men killed , their bodies discovered in a wooded area on march 23 , 2007 .
the mccain campaign probably wishes that number were higher , but it does mean that a mccain victory in texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents , as has happened in several states in the past few weeks . '' `` roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks -- and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama . ''
the mccain campaign probably wishes that number were higher , but it does mean that a mccain victory in texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents , as has happened in several states in the past few weeks . '' nineteen percent of republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue , putting it in second place , followed by the war in iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent .
the mccain campaign probably wishes that number were higher , but it does mean that a mccain victory in texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents , as has happened in several states in the past few weeks . '' `` one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , '' says cnn polling director keating holland .
the mccain campaign probably wishes that number were higher , but it does mean that a mccain victory in texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents , as has happened in several states in the past few weeks . '' `` likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they do n't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues .
`` roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks -- and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama . '' nineteen percent of republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue , putting it in second place , followed by the war in iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent .
`` roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks -- and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama . '' `` one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , '' says cnn polling director keating holland .
`` roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks -- and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama . '' `` likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they do n't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues .
nineteen percent of republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue , putting it in second place , followed by the war in iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent . `` one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , '' says cnn polling director keating holland .
nineteen percent of republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue , putting it in second place , followed by the war in iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent . `` likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they do n't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues .
`` one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , '' says cnn polling director keating holland . `` likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they do n't see a lot of difference between them on several top issues .
but foghammar told time that the separation of the bears was bad for the `` principle of wildlife conservation '' at the zoo : `` now the cub will not grow up to act in a natural way , just as the mother lacked the experience to bring up a cub . '' the plight of the cub follows the case last year of knut , a cub rejected by its mother at berlin zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed , claiming it had become too dependent on humans .
but foghammar told time that the separation of the bears was bad for the `` principle of wildlife conservation '' at the zoo : `` now the cub will not grow up to act in a natural way , just as the mother lacked the experience to bring up a cub . '' the zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear , possibly the cub 's father , felix , to the zoo to help vera overcome her loss , and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub , time reported .
but foghammar told time that the separation of the bears was bad for the `` principle of wildlife conservation '' at the zoo : `` now the cub will not grow up to act in a natural way , just as the mother lacked the experience to bring up a cub . '' wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals ' enclosure .
but foghammar told time that the separation of the bears was bad for the `` principle of wildlife conservation '' at the zoo : `` now the cub will not grow up to act in a natural way , just as the mother lacked the experience to bring up a cub . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday .
the plight of the cub follows the case last year of knut , a cub rejected by its mother at berlin zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed , claiming it had become too dependent on humans . the zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear , possibly the cub 's father , felix , to the zoo to help vera overcome her loss , and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub , time reported .
the plight of the cub follows the case last year of knut , a cub rejected by its mother at berlin zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed , claiming it had become too dependent on humans . wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals ' enclosure .
the plight of the cub follows the case last year of knut , a cub rejected by its mother at berlin zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed , claiming it had become too dependent on humans . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday .
the zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear , possibly the cub 's father , felix , to the zoo to help vera overcome her loss , and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub , time reported . wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals ' enclosure .
the zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear , possibly the cub 's father , felix , to the zoo to help vera overcome her loss , and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub , time reported . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday .
wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals ' enclosure . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday .
gretna 's match against st mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at fir park which has become a shrine to the memory of o'donnell , but the spl confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for wednesday will go ahead . `` a number of our squad have very close connections to phil 's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time , following such a tragic event , '' he said .
gretna 's match against st mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at fir park which has become a shrine to the memory of o'donnell , but the spl confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for wednesday will go ahead . glasgow , scotland -- wednesday 's glasgow derby between celtic and rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of motherwell captain phil o'donnell , the scottish premier league announced .
gretna 's match against st mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at fir park which has become a shrine to the memory of o'donnell , but the spl confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for wednesday will go ahead . celtic skipper stephen mcmanus spoke out in favor of the postponement after he and his team-mates met on monday morning for the first time since o'donnell 's death .
gretna 's match against st mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at fir park which has become a shrine to the memory of o'donnell , but the spl confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for wednesday will go ahead . motherwell 's game against hibernian on the same day was called off on saturday night in the hours after o'donnell , 35 , died following his on-field collapse .
`` a number of our squad have very close connections to phil 's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time , following such a tragic event , '' he said . glasgow , scotland -- wednesday 's glasgow derby between celtic and rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of motherwell captain phil o'donnell , the scottish premier league announced .
`` a number of our squad have very close connections to phil 's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time , following such a tragic event , '' he said . celtic skipper stephen mcmanus spoke out in favor of the postponement after he and his team-mates met on monday morning for the first time since o'donnell 's death .
`` a number of our squad have very close connections to phil 's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time , following such a tragic event , '' he said . motherwell 's game against hibernian on the same day was called off on saturday night in the hours after o'donnell , 35 , died following his on-field collapse .
glasgow , scotland -- wednesday 's glasgow derby between celtic and rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of motherwell captain phil o'donnell , the scottish premier league announced . celtic skipper stephen mcmanus spoke out in favor of the postponement after he and his team-mates met on monday morning for the first time since o'donnell 's death .
glasgow , scotland -- wednesday 's glasgow derby between celtic and rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of motherwell captain phil o'donnell , the scottish premier league announced . motherwell 's game against hibernian on the same day was called off on saturday night in the hours after o'donnell , 35 , died following his on-field collapse .
celtic skipper stephen mcmanus spoke out in favor of the postponement after he and his team-mates met on monday morning for the first time since o'donnell 's death . motherwell 's game against hibernian on the same day was called off on saturday night in the hours after o'donnell , 35 , died following his on-field collapse .
townsend -- the mother of two , ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking , writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution . `` i 'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days , but this time in the private sector , '' said townsend , who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government .
townsend -- the mother of two , ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking , writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution . townsend 's job , as the president 's top adviser on fighting terrorism , involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat , and finding ways to track and cut off their funding .
townsend -- the mother of two , ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking , writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush 's top adviser on homeland security is stepping down after 4 1/2 years on the job , the white house said monday .
townsend -- the mother of two , ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking , writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution . `` fran has always provided wise counsel on how to best protect the american people from the threat of terrorism , '' bush said in a statement .
`` i 'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days , but this time in the private sector , '' said townsend , who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government . townsend 's job , as the president 's top adviser on fighting terrorism , involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat , and finding ways to track and cut off their funding .
`` i 'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days , but this time in the private sector , '' said townsend , who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush 's top adviser on homeland security is stepping down after 4 1/2 years on the job , the white house said monday .
`` i 'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days , but this time in the private sector , '' said townsend , who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government . `` fran has always provided wise counsel on how to best protect the american people from the threat of terrorism , '' bush said in a statement .
townsend 's job , as the president 's top adviser on fighting terrorism , involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat , and finding ways to track and cut off their funding . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush 's top adviser on homeland security is stepping down after 4 1/2 years on the job , the white house said monday .
townsend 's job , as the president 's top adviser on fighting terrorism , involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat , and finding ways to track and cut off their funding . `` fran has always provided wise counsel on how to best protect the american people from the threat of terrorism , '' bush said in a statement .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president bush 's top adviser on homeland security is stepping down after 4 1/2 years on the job , the white house said monday . `` fran has always provided wise counsel on how to best protect the american people from the threat of terrorism , '' bush said in a statement .
the affidavit , obtained by cnn , says when police interviewed trenor on november 23 , she `` gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with royce zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , riley ann sawyers . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- before dying , 2-year-old riley ann sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the galveston county sheriff 's office .
the affidavit , obtained by cnn , says when police interviewed trenor on november 23 , she `` gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with royce zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , riley ann sawyers . '' trenor left ohio in late may , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against robert sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of riley and gave robert sawyers visitation rights , the sawyers ' family lawyer said monday .
the affidavit , obtained by cnn , says when police interviewed trenor on november 23 , she `` gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with royce zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , riley ann sawyers . '' the affidavit says the girl 's mother , kimberly dawn trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that trenor and her husband , royce zeigler , later dumped into a galveston waterway .
the affidavit , obtained by cnn , says when police interviewed trenor on november 23 , she `` gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with royce zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , riley ann sawyers . '' she would play `` with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , '' he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- before dying , 2-year-old riley ann sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the galveston county sheriff 's office . trenor left ohio in late may , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against robert sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of riley and gave robert sawyers visitation rights , the sawyers ' family lawyer said monday .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- before dying , 2-year-old riley ann sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the galveston county sheriff 's office . the affidavit says the girl 's mother , kimberly dawn trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that trenor and her husband , royce zeigler , later dumped into a galveston waterway .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- before dying , 2-year-old riley ann sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the galveston county sheriff 's office . she would play `` with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , '' he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls .
trenor left ohio in late may , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against robert sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of riley and gave robert sawyers visitation rights , the sawyers ' family lawyer said monday . the affidavit says the girl 's mother , kimberly dawn trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that trenor and her husband , royce zeigler , later dumped into a galveston waterway .
trenor left ohio in late may , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against robert sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of riley and gave robert sawyers visitation rights , the sawyers ' family lawyer said monday . she would play `` with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , '' he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls .
the affidavit says the girl 's mother , kimberly dawn trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that trenor and her husband , royce zeigler , later dumped into a galveston waterway . she would play `` with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , '' he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls .
the mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation 's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases . haryana , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases , how do you take care of the backlog ?
the mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation 's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases . with an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in indian courts , one consultant believes , it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace .
the mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation 's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases . `` the witnesses -- definitely , they do n't show up -- and even the parties -- they do n't show up -- and they send their advocate , '' singh said .
the mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation 's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases . singh said he has been able to clear 1,100 cases in just six months time compared to 500 under the traditional court system .
haryana , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases , how do you take care of the backlog ? with an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in indian courts , one consultant believes , it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace .
haryana , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases , how do you take care of the backlog ? `` the witnesses -- definitely , they do n't show up -- and even the parties -- they do n't show up -- and they send their advocate , '' singh said .
haryana , india -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases , how do you take care of the backlog ? singh said he has been able to clear 1,100 cases in just six months time compared to 500 under the traditional court system .
with an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in indian courts , one consultant believes , it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace . `` the witnesses -- definitely , they do n't show up -- and even the parties -- they do n't show up -- and they send their advocate , '' singh said .
with an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in indian courts , one consultant believes , it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace . singh said he has been able to clear 1,100 cases in just six months time compared to 500 under the traditional court system .
`` the witnesses -- definitely , they do n't show up -- and even the parties -- they do n't show up -- and they send their advocate , '' singh said . singh said he has been able to clear 1,100 cases in just six months time compared to 500 under the traditional court system .
watch fires devour homes and land '' citing the proliferation in the number of fires , schwarzenegger wrote , `` your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy department of defense aircraft located in wyoming , north carolina and colorado to assist california in our firefighting effort . '' and in malibu canyon , south of the pacific coast highway , nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area , which is home to many hollywood luminaries , the state forestry department said .
watch fires devour homes and land '' citing the proliferation in the number of fires , schwarzenegger wrote , `` your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy department of defense aircraft located in wyoming , north carolina and colorado to assist california in our firefighting effort . '' by monday afternoon , the california department of forestry and fire prevention had reported 13 active wildfires have consumed more than 98,000 acres and destroyed or damaged at least 50 homes and businesses across six counties .
watch fires devour homes and land '' citing the proliferation in the number of fires , schwarzenegger wrote , `` your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy department of defense aircraft located in wyoming , north carolina and colorado to assist california in our firefighting effort . '' san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than a dozen uncontained wildfires raged monday across southern california , threatening thousands of structures and forcing people to flee homes from san diego to malibu to lake arrowhead .
watch fires devour homes and land '' citing the proliferation in the number of fires , schwarzenegger wrote , `` your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy department of defense aircraft located in wyoming , north carolina and colorado to assist california in our firefighting effort . '' the largest of the wildfires was the buckweed blaze north of los angeles , which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from santa clarita and nearby communities , according to the state forestry department .
and in malibu canyon , south of the pacific coast highway , nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area , which is home to many hollywood luminaries , the state forestry department said . by monday afternoon , the california department of forestry and fire prevention had reported 13 active wildfires have consumed more than 98,000 acres and destroyed or damaged at least 50 homes and businesses across six counties .
and in malibu canyon , south of the pacific coast highway , nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area , which is home to many hollywood luminaries , the state forestry department said . san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than a dozen uncontained wildfires raged monday across southern california , threatening thousands of structures and forcing people to flee homes from san diego to malibu to lake arrowhead .
and in malibu canyon , south of the pacific coast highway , nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area , which is home to many hollywood luminaries , the state forestry department said . the largest of the wildfires was the buckweed blaze north of los angeles , which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from santa clarita and nearby communities , according to the state forestry department .
by monday afternoon , the california department of forestry and fire prevention had reported 13 active wildfires have consumed more than 98,000 acres and destroyed or damaged at least 50 homes and businesses across six counties . san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than a dozen uncontained wildfires raged monday across southern california , threatening thousands of structures and forcing people to flee homes from san diego to malibu to lake arrowhead .
by monday afternoon , the california department of forestry and fire prevention had reported 13 active wildfires have consumed more than 98,000 acres and destroyed or damaged at least 50 homes and businesses across six counties . the largest of the wildfires was the buckweed blaze north of los angeles , which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from santa clarita and nearby communities , according to the state forestry department .
san diego , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than a dozen uncontained wildfires raged monday across southern california , threatening thousands of structures and forcing people to flee homes from san diego to malibu to lake arrowhead . the largest of the wildfires was the buckweed blaze north of los angeles , which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from santa clarita and nearby communities , according to the state forestry department .
`` the principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , '' reiter said . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- chiquita brands international faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the `` torture and murder '' of their loved ones .
`` the principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , '' reiter said . the attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm `` for pennies '' and were killed by auc in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to `` sell their bananas only to chiquita . ''
`` the principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , '' reiter said . `` they conspired with the auc , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , '' reiter said .
`` the principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , '' reiter said . earlier this year , chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to autodefensas unidas de colombia , or auc .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- chiquita brands international faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the `` torture and murder '' of their loved ones . the attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm `` for pennies '' and were killed by auc in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to `` sell their bananas only to chiquita . ''
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- chiquita brands international faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the `` torture and murder '' of their loved ones . `` they conspired with the auc , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , '' reiter said .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- chiquita brands international faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the `` torture and murder '' of their loved ones . earlier this year , chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to autodefensas unidas de colombia , or auc .
the attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm `` for pennies '' and were killed by auc in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to `` sell their bananas only to chiquita . '' `` they conspired with the auc , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , '' reiter said .
the attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm `` for pennies '' and were killed by auc in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to `` sell their bananas only to chiquita . '' earlier this year , chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to autodefensas unidas de colombia , or auc .
`` they conspired with the auc , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , '' reiter said . earlier this year , chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to autodefensas unidas de colombia , or auc .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
`` we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , '' noble said . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france . `` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit .
the man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol -- the international police agency based in lyon , france . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
`` the decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , '' said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol 's trafficking in human beings unit . interpol secretary general ronald k. noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality .
it has upgraded its management inventory software , is hiring additional trained museum staff , has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake . the audit examined management of artifacts at the reagan library ; the franklin d. roosevelt library ; the john f. kennedy library ; the gerald r. ford library ; the george bush library ; and the william j. clinton library , weinstein said .
it has upgraded its management inventory software , is hiring additional trained museum staff , has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake . the count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original reagan white house gift unit database , weinstein said thursday , but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number .
it has upgraded its management inventory software , is hiring additional trained museum staff , has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- up to 80,000 items at the ronald reagan presidential library are unaccounted for , probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures , officials said thursday .
it has upgraded its management inventory software , is hiring additional trained museum staff , has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake . library officials told auditors that `` the collection contained approximately 100,000 items , yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items , '' brachfield said .
the audit examined management of artifacts at the reagan library ; the franklin d. roosevelt library ; the john f. kennedy library ; the gerald r. ford library ; the george bush library ; and the william j. clinton library , weinstein said . the count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original reagan white house gift unit database , weinstein said thursday , but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number .
the audit examined management of artifacts at the reagan library ; the franklin d. roosevelt library ; the john f. kennedy library ; the gerald r. ford library ; the george bush library ; and the william j. clinton library , weinstein said . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- up to 80,000 items at the ronald reagan presidential library are unaccounted for , probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures , officials said thursday .
the audit examined management of artifacts at the reagan library ; the franklin d. roosevelt library ; the john f. kennedy library ; the gerald r. ford library ; the george bush library ; and the william j. clinton library , weinstein said . library officials told auditors that `` the collection contained approximately 100,000 items , yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items , '' brachfield said .
the count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original reagan white house gift unit database , weinstein said thursday , but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- up to 80,000 items at the ronald reagan presidential library are unaccounted for , probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures , officials said thursday .
the count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original reagan white house gift unit database , weinstein said thursday , but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number . library officials told auditors that `` the collection contained approximately 100,000 items , yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items , '' brachfield said .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- up to 80,000 items at the ronald reagan presidential library are unaccounted for , probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures , officials said thursday . library officials told auditors that `` the collection contained approximately 100,000 items , yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items , '' brachfield said .
in a statement , the elizabeth , new jersey , company said the hamburger patties may be contaminated with e. coli o157 : h7 , a bacterium that can cause severe diarrhea and cramps , as well as other complications . the products , all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names , were distributed mainly in the northeastern united states , but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well , williams said .
in a statement , the elizabeth , new jersey , company said the hamburger patties may be contaminated with e. coli o157 : h7 , a bacterium that can cause severe diarrhea and cramps , as well as other complications . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- topps meat co. on saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds , one of the largest meat recalls in u.s. history .
in a statement , the elizabeth , new jersey , company said the hamburger patties may be contaminated with e. coli o157 : h7 , a bacterium that can cause severe diarrhea and cramps , as well as other complications . consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the upc code and return it to topps for a full refund , then dispose of the product immediately , topps spokeswoman michelle williams said .
in a statement , the elizabeth , new jersey , company said the hamburger patties may be contaminated with e. coli o157 : h7 , a bacterium that can cause severe diarrhea and cramps , as well as other complications . the ground beef products being recalled have a `` sell by date '' or a `` best if used by date '' between september 25 , 2007 , and september 25 , 2008 , topps ' statement said .
the products , all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names , were distributed mainly in the northeastern united states , but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well , williams said . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- topps meat co. on saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds , one of the largest meat recalls in u.s. history .
the products , all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names , were distributed mainly in the northeastern united states , but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well , williams said . consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the upc code and return it to topps for a full refund , then dispose of the product immediately , topps spokeswoman michelle williams said .
the products , all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names , were distributed mainly in the northeastern united states , but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well , williams said . the ground beef products being recalled have a `` sell by date '' or a `` best if used by date '' between september 25 , 2007 , and september 25 , 2008 , topps ' statement said .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- topps meat co. on saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds , one of the largest meat recalls in u.s. history . consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the upc code and return it to topps for a full refund , then dispose of the product immediately , topps spokeswoman michelle williams said .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- topps meat co. on saturday expanded a recall of ground beef from about 300,000 pounds to 21.7 million pounds , one of the largest meat recalls in u.s. history . the ground beef products being recalled have a `` sell by date '' or a `` best if used by date '' between september 25 , 2007 , and september 25 , 2008 , topps ' statement said .
consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the upc code and return it to topps for a full refund , then dispose of the product immediately , topps spokeswoman michelle williams said . the ground beef products being recalled have a `` sell by date '' or a `` best if used by date '' between september 25 , 2007 , and september 25 , 2008 , topps ' statement said .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
a second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of friday for violating parking restrictions . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
july 21 , 2005 : two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against london 's transport network at three london underground stations and aboard a bus . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles .
april 1999 : three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the admiral duncan pub in london 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
august 2004 : anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by islamic militants to blow up targets including the ministry of sound nightclub and the bluewater shopping center in southeast england using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles . october 1984 : five people die in an ira bomb attack on a hotel in brighton , southern england , where prime minister margaret thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the conservative party 's annual conference .
`` our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , '' los angeles county sheriff 's deputy tony moore told cnn 's `` american morning '' wednesday . `` if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , '' schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in .
`` our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , '' los angeles county sheriff 's deputy tony moore told cnn 's `` american morning '' wednesday . as of tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection .
`` our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , '' los angeles county sheriff 's deputy tony moore told cnn 's `` american morning '' wednesday . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said tuesday .
`` our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , '' los angeles county sheriff 's deputy tony moore told cnn 's `` american morning '' wednesday . watch what 's next for young suspect '' the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
`` if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , '' schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in . as of tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection .
`` if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , '' schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said tuesday .
`` if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , '' schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in . watch what 's next for young suspect '' the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
as of tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection . los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said tuesday .
as of tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection . watch what 's next for young suspect '' the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
los angeles , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said tuesday . watch what 's next for young suspect '' the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 200 people were evacuated from their homes , including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly , after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early wednesday in a northern boston suburb . at first , he thought it was a car accident , but when he went outside to investigate the noise , he saw fire `` just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think . ''
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 200 people were evacuated from their homes , including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly , after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early wednesday in a northern boston suburb . `` our major concerns right now are we still have an ongoing fire operation in the family dwellings , and we are still heavily engaged in those operations , and we have some concerns environmentally , '' butler said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 200 people were evacuated from their homes , including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly , after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early wednesday in a northern boston suburb . `` in consideration of everything that firefighters had to deal with , i think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries , '' everett fire chief david butler said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 200 people were evacuated from their homes , including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly , after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early wednesday in a northern boston suburb . watch residents of an elderly housing complex describe their shock '' flames from the truck engulfed at least 40 cars and three buildings , two of them houses , fire officials said .
at first , he thought it was a car accident , but when he went outside to investigate the noise , he saw fire `` just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think . '' `` our major concerns right now are we still have an ongoing fire operation in the family dwellings , and we are still heavily engaged in those operations , and we have some concerns environmentally , '' butler said .
at first , he thought it was a car accident , but when he went outside to investigate the noise , he saw fire `` just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think . '' `` in consideration of everything that firefighters had to deal with , i think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries , '' everett fire chief david butler said .
at first , he thought it was a car accident , but when he went outside to investigate the noise , he saw fire `` just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think . '' watch residents of an elderly housing complex describe their shock '' flames from the truck engulfed at least 40 cars and three buildings , two of them houses , fire officials said .
`` our major concerns right now are we still have an ongoing fire operation in the family dwellings , and we are still heavily engaged in those operations , and we have some concerns environmentally , '' butler said . `` in consideration of everything that firefighters had to deal with , i think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries , '' everett fire chief david butler said .
`` our major concerns right now are we still have an ongoing fire operation in the family dwellings , and we are still heavily engaged in those operations , and we have some concerns environmentally , '' butler said . watch residents of an elderly housing complex describe their shock '' flames from the truck engulfed at least 40 cars and three buildings , two of them houses , fire officials said .
`` in consideration of everything that firefighters had to deal with , i think it 's a miracle that we have n't seen some serious injuries , '' everett fire chief david butler said . watch residents of an elderly housing complex describe their shock '' flames from the truck engulfed at least 40 cars and three buildings , two of them houses , fire officials said .
arnold schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 national guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at san diego 's qualcomm stadium and delmar fairgrounds and racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . the fires are also having a direct effect on military personnel -- mchale said 1,400 navy personnel and their families have been forced to evacuate , and camp pendleton ordered 3,000 marines to evacuate because of the fire , the pentagon announced tuesday evening .
arnold schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 national guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at san diego 's qualcomm stadium and delmar fairgrounds and racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dozens of defense department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in southern california , pentagon officials said tuesday , and thousands more national guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help .
arnold schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 national guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at san diego 's qualcomm stadium and delmar fairgrounds and racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . paul mchale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said that 12 defense department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , are already working the blazes and more than 17,000 national guardsmen are potentially available if needed .
arnold schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 national guard troops , including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at san diego 's qualcomm stadium and delmar fairgrounds and racetrack , where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter . and some 100 california national guard medical personnel are helping alleviate `` critical staffing shortfalls '' at the san diego veterans center , whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders .
the fires are also having a direct effect on military personnel -- mchale said 1,400 navy personnel and their families have been forced to evacuate , and camp pendleton ordered 3,000 marines to evacuate because of the fire , the pentagon announced tuesday evening . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dozens of defense department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in southern california , pentagon officials said tuesday , and thousands more national guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help .
the fires are also having a direct effect on military personnel -- mchale said 1,400 navy personnel and their families have been forced to evacuate , and camp pendleton ordered 3,000 marines to evacuate because of the fire , the pentagon announced tuesday evening . paul mchale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said that 12 defense department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , are already working the blazes and more than 17,000 national guardsmen are potentially available if needed .
the fires are also having a direct effect on military personnel -- mchale said 1,400 navy personnel and their families have been forced to evacuate , and camp pendleton ordered 3,000 marines to evacuate because of the fire , the pentagon announced tuesday evening . and some 100 california national guard medical personnel are helping alleviate `` critical staffing shortfalls '' at the san diego veterans center , whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dozens of defense department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in southern california , pentagon officials said tuesday , and thousands more national guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help . paul mchale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said that 12 defense department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , are already working the blazes and more than 17,000 national guardsmen are potentially available if needed .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- dozens of defense department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in southern california , pentagon officials said tuesday , and thousands more national guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help . and some 100 california national guard medical personnel are helping alleviate `` critical staffing shortfalls '' at the san diego veterans center , whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders .
paul mchale , assistant secretary of defense for homeland defense , said that 12 defense department firefighting teams , with 12 engines , are already working the blazes and more than 17,000 national guardsmen are potentially available if needed . and some 100 california national guard medical personnel are helping alleviate `` critical staffing shortfalls '' at the san diego veterans center , whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders .
when ac milan defeated liverpool in the champions league final in athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in istanbul two years previously , it enabled kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and felipe scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 world cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against costa rica .
when ac milan defeated liverpool in the champions league final in athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in istanbul two years previously , it enabled kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . however , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by sao paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old .
when ac milan defeated liverpool in the champions league final in athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in istanbul two years previously , it enabled kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- despite the obvious claims of younger rivals cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted ricardo izecson dos santos leite as the 2007 world footballer of the year .
when ac milan defeated liverpool in the champions league final in athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in istanbul two years previously , it enabled kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . the prestigious ballon d'or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old brazilian 's current standing in world football .
kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and felipe scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 world cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against costa rica . however , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by sao paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old .
kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and felipe scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 world cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against costa rica . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- despite the obvious claims of younger rivals cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted ricardo izecson dos santos leite as the 2007 world footballer of the year .
kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and felipe scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 world cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against costa rica . the prestigious ballon d'or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old brazilian 's current standing in world football .
however , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by sao paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- despite the obvious claims of younger rivals cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted ricardo izecson dos santos leite as the 2007 world footballer of the year .
however , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by sao paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old . the prestigious ballon d'or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old brazilian 's current standing in world football .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- despite the obvious claims of younger rivals cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted ricardo izecson dos santos leite as the 2007 world footballer of the year . the prestigious ballon d'or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old brazilian 's current standing in world football .
watch toobin explain why vick would surrender early '' on september 25 , a virginia grand jury indicted vick and the three co-defendants -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at vick 's home outside newport news . as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . ''
watch toobin explain why vick would surrender early '' on september 25 , a virginia grand jury indicted vick and the three co-defendants -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at vick 's home outside newport news . `` michael wants to again apologize to everyone who has been hurt in this matter and he thanks all of the people who have offered him and his family prayers and support during this time , '' martin 's statement said .
watch toobin explain why vick would surrender early '' on september 25 , a virginia grand jury indicted vick and the three co-defendants -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at vick 's home outside newport news . vick , 27 , voluntarily turned himself in around noon , said kevin trevillan of the marshals service , and is being held at northern neck regional jail in warsaw , virginia , until the sentencing hearing .
watch toobin explain why vick would surrender early '' on september 25 , a virginia grand jury indicted vick and the three co-defendants -- purnell peace , 35 , of virginia beach , virginia ; quanis phillips , 28 , of atlanta , georgia ; and tony taylor , 34 , of hampton , virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at vick 's home outside newport news . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- michael vick turned himself in to authorities on monday to get a head start on serving his sentence for running a dogfighting ring , the u.s. marshals service said .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' `` michael wants to again apologize to everyone who has been hurt in this matter and he thanks all of the people who have offered him and his family prayers and support during this time , '' martin 's statement said .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' vick , 27 , voluntarily turned himself in around noon , said kevin trevillan of the marshals service , and is being held at northern neck regional jail in warsaw , virginia , until the sentencing hearing .
as a result , u.s. district judge henry e. hudson ordered vick to `` submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- michael vick turned himself in to authorities on monday to get a head start on serving his sentence for running a dogfighting ring , the u.s. marshals service said .
`` michael wants to again apologize to everyone who has been hurt in this matter and he thanks all of the people who have offered him and his family prayers and support during this time , '' martin 's statement said . vick , 27 , voluntarily turned himself in around noon , said kevin trevillan of the marshals service , and is being held at northern neck regional jail in warsaw , virginia , until the sentencing hearing .
`` michael wants to again apologize to everyone who has been hurt in this matter and he thanks all of the people who have offered him and his family prayers and support during this time , '' martin 's statement said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- michael vick turned himself in to authorities on monday to get a head start on serving his sentence for running a dogfighting ring , the u.s. marshals service said .
vick , 27 , voluntarily turned himself in around noon , said kevin trevillan of the marshals service , and is being held at northern neck regional jail in warsaw , virginia , until the sentencing hearing . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- michael vick turned himself in to authorities on monday to get a head start on serving his sentence for running a dogfighting ring , the u.s. marshals service said .
'' hakki says red crescent has the monumental task of treating and feeding more than 1.6 million children under the age of 12 who have become homeless in their own country . the greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills , surviving with no education , no income and no families .
'' hakki says red crescent has the monumental task of treating and feeding more than 1.6 million children under the age of 12 who have become homeless in their own country . the plight of iraq 's children is nearing epidemic proportions , he said , with mothers and fathers abandoning their children `` because they 're becoming a liability . ''
'' hakki says red crescent has the monumental task of treating and feeding more than 1.6 million children under the age of 12 who have become homeless in their own country . `` there are times i get up in the middle of the night and i say , ` oh my god , how are we going to solve it ?
'' hakki says red crescent has the monumental task of treating and feeding more than 1.6 million children under the age of 12 who have become homeless in their own country . at a waiting room at an iraqi red crescent treatment center in baghdad 's mansour district , cnn came across several young children in desperate need of care .
the greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills , surviving with no education , no income and no families . the plight of iraq 's children is nearing epidemic proportions , he said , with mothers and fathers abandoning their children `` because they 're becoming a liability . ''
the greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills , surviving with no education , no income and no families . `` there are times i get up in the middle of the night and i say , ` oh my god , how are we going to solve it ?
the greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills , surviving with no education , no income and no families . at a waiting room at an iraqi red crescent treatment center in baghdad 's mansour district , cnn came across several young children in desperate need of care .
the plight of iraq 's children is nearing epidemic proportions , he said , with mothers and fathers abandoning their children `` because they 're becoming a liability . '' `` there are times i get up in the middle of the night and i say , ` oh my god , how are we going to solve it ?
the plight of iraq 's children is nearing epidemic proportions , he said , with mothers and fathers abandoning their children `` because they 're becoming a liability . '' at a waiting room at an iraqi red crescent treatment center in baghdad 's mansour district , cnn came across several young children in desperate need of care .
`` there are times i get up in the middle of the night and i say , ` oh my god , how are we going to solve it ? at a waiting room at an iraqi red crescent treatment center in baghdad 's mansour district , cnn came across several young children in desperate need of care .
according to the initial findings from the french police watchdog , reported tuesday in the daily newspaper , le figaro , the boy 's motorbike was driving `` at very high speed '' and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle . watch why a repeat of past rioting is feared '' more than 60 police officers were injured in monday night 's confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers .
according to the initial findings from the french police watchdog , reported tuesday in the daily newspaper , le figaro , the boy 's motorbike was driving `` at very high speed '' and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle . paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports .
according to the initial findings from the french police watchdog , reported tuesday in the daily newspaper , le figaro , the boy 's motorbike was driving `` at very high speed '' and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle . an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers-le-bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night .
according to the initial findings from the french police watchdog , reported tuesday in the daily newspaper , le figaro , the boy 's motorbike was driving `` at very high speed '' and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle . a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d'oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation .
watch why a repeat of past rioting is feared '' more than 60 police officers were injured in monday night 's confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers . paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports .
watch why a repeat of past rioting is feared '' more than 60 police officers were injured in monday night 's confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers . an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers-le-bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night .
watch why a repeat of past rioting is feared '' more than 60 police officers were injured in monday night 's confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers . a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d'oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports . an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers-le-bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night .
paris , france -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports . a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d'oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation .
an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers-le-bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night . a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d'oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames thursday on a bridge between the united states and mexico , shutting a key border crossing and killing four people , police said . pharr emergency management coordinator elsa sanchez told the associated press the pickup truck had texas license plates , and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have mexican plates .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames thursday on a bridge between the united states and mexico , shutting a key border crossing and killing four people , police said . the 3.2-mile-long bridge connects u.s. 281 in pharr , texas , to the city of reynosa in the mexican state of tamaulipas , according to the city of pharr 's web site .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames thursday on a bridge between the united states and mexico , shutting a key border crossing and killing four people , police said . the collision on the pharr-reynosa international bridge in texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles , said lt. lupe salinas with the pharr police department .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames thursday on a bridge between the united states and mexico , shutting a key border crossing and killing four people , police said . the bridge reopened on friday morning after texas department of trnasportation engineers inspected it , according to cnn affiliate krgv .
pharr emergency management coordinator elsa sanchez told the associated press the pickup truck had texas license plates , and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have mexican plates . the 3.2-mile-long bridge connects u.s. 281 in pharr , texas , to the city of reynosa in the mexican state of tamaulipas , according to the city of pharr 's web site .
pharr emergency management coordinator elsa sanchez told the associated press the pickup truck had texas license plates , and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have mexican plates . the collision on the pharr-reynosa international bridge in texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles , said lt. lupe salinas with the pharr police department .
pharr emergency management coordinator elsa sanchez told the associated press the pickup truck had texas license plates , and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have mexican plates . the bridge reopened on friday morning after texas department of trnasportation engineers inspected it , according to cnn affiliate krgv .
the 3.2-mile-long bridge connects u.s. 281 in pharr , texas , to the city of reynosa in the mexican state of tamaulipas , according to the city of pharr 's web site . the collision on the pharr-reynosa international bridge in texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles , said lt. lupe salinas with the pharr police department .
the 3.2-mile-long bridge connects u.s. 281 in pharr , texas , to the city of reynosa in the mexican state of tamaulipas , according to the city of pharr 's web site . the bridge reopened on friday morning after texas department of trnasportation engineers inspected it , according to cnn affiliate krgv .
the collision on the pharr-reynosa international bridge in texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles , said lt. lupe salinas with the pharr police department . the bridge reopened on friday morning after texas department of trnasportation engineers inspected it , according to cnn affiliate krgv .
watch how the assassination is resonating on the campaign trail '' sen. barack obama 's camp , which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience , insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to clinton 's `` yes '' vote on the iraq war . if pakistan falls into complete turmoil , martial law is declared again , you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator ; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for afghanistan , iran , iraq , india , '' he said .
watch how the assassination is resonating on the campaign trail '' sen. barack obama 's camp , which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience , insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to clinton 's `` yes '' vote on the iraq war . watch how the gop candidates are reacting '' `` he did a great job post-9 / 11 in handling a post-crisis situation , but i do n't know how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues , '' he said .
watch how the assassination is resonating on the campaign trail '' sen. barack obama 's camp , which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience , insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to clinton 's `` yes '' vote on the iraq war . in a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues , the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto and the turmoil in pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world .
watch how the assassination is resonating on the campaign trail '' sen. barack obama 's camp , which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience , insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to clinton 's `` yes '' vote on the iraq war . most of the candidates said they did n't want to turn the assassination into a talking point , but it is just a week before the iowa caucuses , and world events not only change the conversation -- they can change a campaign .
if pakistan falls into complete turmoil , martial law is declared again , you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator ; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for afghanistan , iran , iraq , india , '' he said . watch how the gop candidates are reacting '' `` he did a great job post-9 / 11 in handling a post-crisis situation , but i do n't know how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues , '' he said .
if pakistan falls into complete turmoil , martial law is declared again , you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator ; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for afghanistan , iran , iraq , india , '' he said . in a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues , the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto and the turmoil in pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world .
if pakistan falls into complete turmoil , martial law is declared again , you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator ; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for afghanistan , iran , iraq , india , '' he said . most of the candidates said they did n't want to turn the assassination into a talking point , but it is just a week before the iowa caucuses , and world events not only change the conversation -- they can change a campaign .
watch how the gop candidates are reacting '' `` he did a great job post-9 / 11 in handling a post-crisis situation , but i do n't know how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues , '' he said . in a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues , the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto and the turmoil in pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world .
watch how the gop candidates are reacting '' `` he did a great job post-9 / 11 in handling a post-crisis situation , but i do n't know how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues , '' he said . most of the candidates said they did n't want to turn the assassination into a talking point , but it is just a week before the iowa caucuses , and world events not only change the conversation -- they can change a campaign .
in a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues , the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto and the turmoil in pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world . most of the candidates said they did n't want to turn the assassination into a talking point , but it is just a week before the iowa caucuses , and world events not only change the conversation -- they can change a campaign .
joel fitzgibbon , who took office with rudd allies during a conference in scotland earlier this month , said that more work needs to be done to win the `` hearts and minds '' of the people of afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country 's former taliban rulers and their al qaeda allies . `` let me tell you solemnly today : france will remain engaged in afghanistan as long as it takes , because what 's at stake in that country is the future of our values and that of the atlantic alliance , '' he said .
joel fitzgibbon , who took office with rudd allies during a conference in scotland earlier this month , said that more work needs to be done to win the `` hearts and minds '' of the people of afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country 's former taliban rulers and their al qaeda allies . but we are confident that in partnership with our friends in the afghan government and with our other allies , particularly in nato , that we can continue to achieve real progress in the long-term security of this country , '' he added .
joel fitzgibbon , who took office with rudd allies during a conference in scotland earlier this month , said that more work needs to be done to win the `` hearts and minds '' of the people of afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country 's former taliban rulers and their al qaeda allies . rudd made a surprise visit friday to iraq , where he promised continued australian aid , despite a decision to withdraw all 550 australian troops in iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor , john howard , staunchly opposed .
joel fitzgibbon , who took office with rudd allies during a conference in scotland earlier this month , said that more work needs to be done to win the `` hearts and minds '' of the people of afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country 's former taliban rulers and their al qaeda allies . kevin rudd and french president nicolas sarkozy flew into the afghan capital , kabul , on saturday to meet with karzai and visit their respective country 's troops participating in the nato-led international security assistance force .
`` let me tell you solemnly today : france will remain engaged in afghanistan as long as it takes , because what 's at stake in that country is the future of our values and that of the atlantic alliance , '' he said . but we are confident that in partnership with our friends in the afghan government and with our other allies , particularly in nato , that we can continue to achieve real progress in the long-term security of this country , '' he added .
`` let me tell you solemnly today : france will remain engaged in afghanistan as long as it takes , because what 's at stake in that country is the future of our values and that of the atlantic alliance , '' he said . rudd made a surprise visit friday to iraq , where he promised continued australian aid , despite a decision to withdraw all 550 australian troops in iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor , john howard , staunchly opposed .
`` let me tell you solemnly today : france will remain engaged in afghanistan as long as it takes , because what 's at stake in that country is the future of our values and that of the atlantic alliance , '' he said . kevin rudd and french president nicolas sarkozy flew into the afghan capital , kabul , on saturday to meet with karzai and visit their respective country 's troops participating in the nato-led international security assistance force .
but we are confident that in partnership with our friends in the afghan government and with our other allies , particularly in nato , that we can continue to achieve real progress in the long-term security of this country , '' he added . rudd made a surprise visit friday to iraq , where he promised continued australian aid , despite a decision to withdraw all 550 australian troops in iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor , john howard , staunchly opposed .
but we are confident that in partnership with our friends in the afghan government and with our other allies , particularly in nato , that we can continue to achieve real progress in the long-term security of this country , '' he added . kevin rudd and french president nicolas sarkozy flew into the afghan capital , kabul , on saturday to meet with karzai and visit their respective country 's troops participating in the nato-led international security assistance force .
rudd made a surprise visit friday to iraq , where he promised continued australian aid , despite a decision to withdraw all 550 australian troops in iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor , john howard , staunchly opposed . kevin rudd and french president nicolas sarkozy flew into the afghan capital , kabul , on saturday to meet with karzai and visit their respective country 's troops participating in the nato-led international security assistance force .
16 shirt by officials of the lower league club ancona after the vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a `` beacon of morality '' by adopting an `` innovative , ethical model of practising football , '' reuters reported . `` the sport of football can be a vehicle of education for the values of honesty , solidarity and fraternity , especially for the younger generation , '' the pope said , according to italy 's gazzetta dello sport newspaper .
16 shirt by officials of the lower league club ancona after the vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a `` beacon of morality '' by adopting an `` innovative , ethical model of practising football , '' reuters reported . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football should be used to teach young people moral lessons , pope benedict xvi said during an audience with representatives from the italian football league and lower division clubs .
16 shirt by officials of the lower league club ancona after the vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a `` beacon of morality '' by adopting an `` innovative , ethical model of practising football , '' reuters reported . italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption , match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble , but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well .
16 shirt by officials of the lower league club ancona after the vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a `` beacon of morality '' by adopting an `` innovative , ethical model of practising football , '' reuters reported . pope benedict xvi 's predecessor , pope john paul ii , was also a keen football fan , reportedly playing in goal during his youth in poland .
`` the sport of football can be a vehicle of education for the values of honesty , solidarity and fraternity , especially for the younger generation , '' the pope said , according to italy 's gazzetta dello sport newspaper . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football should be used to teach young people moral lessons , pope benedict xvi said during an audience with representatives from the italian football league and lower division clubs .
`` the sport of football can be a vehicle of education for the values of honesty , solidarity and fraternity , especially for the younger generation , '' the pope said , according to italy 's gazzetta dello sport newspaper . italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption , match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble , but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well .
`` the sport of football can be a vehicle of education for the values of honesty , solidarity and fraternity , especially for the younger generation , '' the pope said , according to italy 's gazzetta dello sport newspaper . pope benedict xvi 's predecessor , pope john paul ii , was also a keen football fan , reportedly playing in goal during his youth in poland .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football should be used to teach young people moral lessons , pope benedict xvi said during an audience with representatives from the italian football league and lower division clubs . italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption , match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble , but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football should be used to teach young people moral lessons , pope benedict xvi said during an audience with representatives from the italian football league and lower division clubs . pope benedict xvi 's predecessor , pope john paul ii , was also a keen football fan , reportedly playing in goal during his youth in poland .
italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption , match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble , but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well . pope benedict xvi 's predecessor , pope john paul ii , was also a keen football fan , reportedly playing in goal during his youth in poland .
in response to the iaea director-general 's comments , pakistan 's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that elbaradei , `` on several occasions , has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets . '' pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country 's opposition challenged president pervez musharraf 's tight grip on power , pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early november .
in response to the iaea director-general 's comments , pakistan 's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that elbaradei , `` on several occasions , has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets . '' `` the effects of any new war in the middle east and the islamic world could have repercussions , not only in iran , but what i fear most is the effect in pakistan , a nation with many internal problems , '' elbaradei said .
in response to the iaea director-general 's comments , pakistan 's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that elbaradei , `` on several occasions , has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets . '' islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pakistan 's foreign ministry wednesday rejected concerns raised by the u.n. nuclear watchdog chief that the country 's nuclear weapons `` could fall into the hands of an extremist group in pakistan or in afghanistan . ''
in response to the iaea director-general 's comments , pakistan 's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that elbaradei , `` on several occasions , has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets . '' `` pakistan rejects the statement by dr. elbaradei , director general iaea -lrb- international atomic energy agency -rrb- , hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists , '' according to a ministry statement .
pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country 's opposition challenged president pervez musharraf 's tight grip on power , pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early november . `` the effects of any new war in the middle east and the islamic world could have repercussions , not only in iran , but what i fear most is the effect in pakistan , a nation with many internal problems , '' elbaradei said .
pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country 's opposition challenged president pervez musharraf 's tight grip on power , pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early november . islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pakistan 's foreign ministry wednesday rejected concerns raised by the u.n. nuclear watchdog chief that the country 's nuclear weapons `` could fall into the hands of an extremist group in pakistan or in afghanistan . ''
pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country 's opposition challenged president pervez musharraf 's tight grip on power , pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early november . `` pakistan rejects the statement by dr. elbaradei , director general iaea -lrb- international atomic energy agency -rrb- , hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists , '' according to a ministry statement .
`` the effects of any new war in the middle east and the islamic world could have repercussions , not only in iran , but what i fear most is the effect in pakistan , a nation with many internal problems , '' elbaradei said . islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pakistan 's foreign ministry wednesday rejected concerns raised by the u.n. nuclear watchdog chief that the country 's nuclear weapons `` could fall into the hands of an extremist group in pakistan or in afghanistan . ''
`` the effects of any new war in the middle east and the islamic world could have repercussions , not only in iran , but what i fear most is the effect in pakistan , a nation with many internal problems , '' elbaradei said . `` pakistan rejects the statement by dr. elbaradei , director general iaea -lrb- international atomic energy agency -rrb- , hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists , '' according to a ministry statement .
islamabad , pakistan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- pakistan 's foreign ministry wednesday rejected concerns raised by the u.n. nuclear watchdog chief that the country 's nuclear weapons `` could fall into the hands of an extremist group in pakistan or in afghanistan . '' `` pakistan rejects the statement by dr. elbaradei , director general iaea -lrb- international atomic energy agency -rrb- , hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists , '' according to a ministry statement .
a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology 's freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause . in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l. ron hubbard , cited on the church 's web site as the founder of `` the only major religion founded in the 20th century . ''
a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology 's freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause . church of scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on youtube .
a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology 's freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause . `` it shows tom cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , '' which it calls `` the bizarre 20th-century religion .
a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology 's freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause . watch `` showbiz tonight '' discussion of cruise video '' cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard .
in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l. ron hubbard , cited on the church 's web site as the founder of `` the only major religion founded in the 20th century . '' church of scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on youtube .
in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l. ron hubbard , cited on the church 's web site as the founder of `` the only major religion founded in the 20th century . '' `` it shows tom cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , '' which it calls `` the bizarre 20th-century religion .
in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l. ron hubbard , cited on the church 's web site as the founder of `` the only major religion founded in the 20th century . '' watch `` showbiz tonight '' discussion of cruise video '' cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard .
church of scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on youtube . `` it shows tom cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , '' which it calls `` the bizarre 20th-century religion .
church of scientology officials said it can be viewed at any of its churches , but it created a stir this week when what the church calls a pirated and edited version appeared on youtube . watch `` showbiz tonight '' discussion of cruise video '' cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard .
`` it shows tom cruise , with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , '' which it calls `` the bizarre 20th-century religion . watch `` showbiz tonight '' discussion of cruise video '' cruise talks over a repetitive guitar-riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard .
however , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the british federation of tour operators announcing thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this saturday . the equity market on the nairobi stock exchange lost 40 billion kenyan shillings -lrb- $ 591 million -rrb- in value on its first day of new year trading wednesday , the kenyan financial newspaper business daily africa reported .
however , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the british federation of tour operators announcing thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this saturday . watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble rwanda 's '' british tourists already in the country have been advised by the british foreign office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities .
however , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the british federation of tour operators announcing thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this saturday . and business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion shillings -lrb- $ 29.5 million -rrb- a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported .
however , fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the british federation of tour operators announcing thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this saturday . but away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east african country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region .
the equity market on the nairobi stock exchange lost 40 billion kenyan shillings -lrb- $ 591 million -rrb- in value on its first day of new year trading wednesday , the kenyan financial newspaper business daily africa reported . watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble rwanda 's '' british tourists already in the country have been advised by the british foreign office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities .
the equity market on the nairobi stock exchange lost 40 billion kenyan shillings -lrb- $ 591 million -rrb- in value on its first day of new year trading wednesday , the kenyan financial newspaper business daily africa reported . and business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion shillings -lrb- $ 29.5 million -rrb- a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported .
the equity market on the nairobi stock exchange lost 40 billion kenyan shillings -lrb- $ 591 million -rrb- in value on its first day of new year trading wednesday , the kenyan financial newspaper business daily africa reported . but away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east african country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region .
watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble rwanda 's '' british tourists already in the country have been advised by the british foreign office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities . and business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion shillings -lrb- $ 29.5 million -rrb- a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported .
watch an aid worker describe fears that crisis may resemble rwanda 's '' british tourists already in the country have been advised by the british foreign office to stay indoors and to stay away from the major cities . but away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east african country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region .
and business leaders said that the government was losing around 2 billion shillings -lrb- $ 29.5 million -rrb- a day in lost revenue as a result of the political violence , the paper reported . but away from the tragic human cost , the unrest has also provoked concerns about the stability of the east african country 's economy , until now seen as a model for the region .
talk asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since `` babel '' and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms .
talk asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since `` babel '' and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . rinko kikuchi is one of japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel .
talk asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since `` babel '' and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . she stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film `` babel . ''
talk asia follows her on a modelling assignment , discusses how her life has changed since `` babel '' and revisits the unique location of one of the film 's most important scenes . japanese actress rinko kikuchi walks anjali rao through the streets of tokyo .
despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms . rinko kikuchi is one of japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel .
despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms . she stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film `` babel . ''
despite her success , she remains an unconventional figure in japan , at odds with the traditional demure image of the japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms . japanese actress rinko kikuchi walks anjali rao through the streets of tokyo .
rinko kikuchi is one of japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel . she stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film `` babel . ''
rinko kikuchi is one of japan 's hottest young actresses and models , recently working with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel . japanese actress rinko kikuchi walks anjali rao through the streets of tokyo .
she stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film `` babel . '' japanese actress rinko kikuchi walks anjali rao through the streets of tokyo .
ppp leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow thaksin 's return and amend the constitution to let thaksin get back into politics . bangkok , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the wife of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrived in thailand tuesday morning to face corruption charges , promising to fight the accusations , her attorney said .
ppp leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow thaksin 's return and amend the constitution to let thaksin get back into politics . she faces charges stemming from a bangkok land deal and a stock concealment plan that could put her in jail for up to eight years , according to the thai news agency .
ppp leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow thaksin 's return and amend the constitution to let thaksin get back into politics . according to pichit chuenban , pojamarn shinawatra was presented with an arrest warrant shortly after arriving at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport and was escorted by authorities to the supreme court .
ppp leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow thaksin 's return and amend the constitution to let thaksin get back into politics . in december 's parliamentary elections , supporters of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition .
bangkok , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the wife of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrived in thailand tuesday morning to face corruption charges , promising to fight the accusations , her attorney said . she faces charges stemming from a bangkok land deal and a stock concealment plan that could put her in jail for up to eight years , according to the thai news agency .
bangkok , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the wife of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrived in thailand tuesday morning to face corruption charges , promising to fight the accusations , her attorney said . according to pichit chuenban , pojamarn shinawatra was presented with an arrest warrant shortly after arriving at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport and was escorted by authorities to the supreme court .
bangkok , thailand -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the wife of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra arrived in thailand tuesday morning to face corruption charges , promising to fight the accusations , her attorney said . in december 's parliamentary elections , supporters of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition .
she faces charges stemming from a bangkok land deal and a stock concealment plan that could put her in jail for up to eight years , according to the thai news agency . according to pichit chuenban , pojamarn shinawatra was presented with an arrest warrant shortly after arriving at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport and was escorted by authorities to the supreme court .
she faces charges stemming from a bangkok land deal and a stock concealment plan that could put her in jail for up to eight years , according to the thai news agency . in december 's parliamentary elections , supporters of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition .
according to pichit chuenban , pojamarn shinawatra was presented with an arrest warrant shortly after arriving at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport and was escorted by authorities to the supreme court . in december 's parliamentary elections , supporters of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained `` torture complex , '' with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday . from december 8 to 11 , the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained `` torture complex , '' with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday . they included anti-aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than 65 machine guns and pistols , 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform , the statement said .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained `` torture complex , '' with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday . ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility , which was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained `` torture complex , '' with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday . photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system , with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall .
from december 8 to 11 , the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit . they included anti-aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than 65 machine guns and pistols , 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform , the statement said .
from december 8 to 11 , the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit . ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility , which was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said .
from december 8 to 11 , the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit . photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system , with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall .
they included anti-aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than 65 machine guns and pistols , 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform , the statement said . ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility , which was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said .
they included anti-aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than 65 machine guns and pistols , 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform , the statement said . photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system , with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall .
ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility , which was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said . photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system , with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall .
the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman 's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days . watch lauterbach 's mom say what raised her concerns '' investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach 's bank account was made on december 14 and said there was `` suspicious activity '' on the account 10 days later .
the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman 's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days . her mother reported her missing on december 19 , and told the sheriff 's department `` that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , '' the department said in a news release .
the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman 's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days . the marine 's car was found monday at jacksonville 's bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune 's front gate on december 20 .
the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman 's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days . the sheriff 's department said lauterbach 's mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it .
watch lauterbach 's mom say what raised her concerns '' investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach 's bank account was made on december 14 and said there was `` suspicious activity '' on the account 10 days later . her mother reported her missing on december 19 , and told the sheriff 's department `` that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , '' the department said in a news release .
watch lauterbach 's mom say what raised her concerns '' investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach 's bank account was made on december 14 and said there was `` suspicious activity '' on the account 10 days later . the marine 's car was found monday at jacksonville 's bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune 's front gate on december 20 .
watch lauterbach 's mom say what raised her concerns '' investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach 's bank account was made on december 14 and said there was `` suspicious activity '' on the account 10 days later . the sheriff 's department said lauterbach 's mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it .
her mother reported her missing on december 19 , and told the sheriff 's department `` that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , '' the department said in a news release . the marine 's car was found monday at jacksonville 's bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune 's front gate on december 20 .
her mother reported her missing on december 19 , and told the sheriff 's department `` that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , '' the department said in a news release . the sheriff 's department said lauterbach 's mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it .
the marine 's car was found monday at jacksonville 's bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune 's front gate on december 20 . the sheriff 's department said lauterbach 's mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it .
cnn 's monita rajpal visits the bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company , meets ducati 's moto gp champion casey stoner and takes a test drive of ducati 's desmosedici racing replica , the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike . monita rajpal meets the boys behind ducati 's motorbikes , iron maiden 's bruce dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline , and trance legend paul van dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former east berlin .
cnn 's monita rajpal visits the bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company , meets ducati 's moto gp champion casey stoner and takes a test drive of ducati 's desmosedici racing replica , the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike . watch as van dyk takes art of life on a tour of his hometown , the former east berlin , and shows how he has drawn from the city 's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs .
cnn 's monita rajpal visits the bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company , meets ducati 's moto gp champion casey stoner and takes a test drive of ducati 's desmosedici racing replica , the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike . paul van dyk , the legendary trance musician , dj and producer has made his name well-known , even though his genre of music is typically associated with young ravers and more urban listeners .
cnn 's monita rajpal visits the bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company , meets ducati 's moto gp champion casey stoner and takes a test drive of ducati 's desmosedici racing replica , the world 's first road-legal grand prix bike . art of life meets up with the rock legend to find out why he has chosen to take to the skies and become a commercial airline pilot .
monita rajpal meets the boys behind ducati 's motorbikes , iron maiden 's bruce dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline , and trance legend paul van dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former east berlin . watch as van dyk takes art of life on a tour of his hometown , the former east berlin , and shows how he has drawn from the city 's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs .
monita rajpal meets the boys behind ducati 's motorbikes , iron maiden 's bruce dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline , and trance legend paul van dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former east berlin . paul van dyk , the legendary trance musician , dj and producer has made his name well-known , even though his genre of music is typically associated with young ravers and more urban listeners .
monita rajpal meets the boys behind ducati 's motorbikes , iron maiden 's bruce dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline , and trance legend paul van dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former east berlin . art of life meets up with the rock legend to find out why he has chosen to take to the skies and become a commercial airline pilot .
watch as van dyk takes art of life on a tour of his hometown , the former east berlin , and shows how he has drawn from the city 's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs . paul van dyk , the legendary trance musician , dj and producer has made his name well-known , even though his genre of music is typically associated with young ravers and more urban listeners .
watch as van dyk takes art of life on a tour of his hometown , the former east berlin , and shows how he has drawn from the city 's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs . art of life meets up with the rock legend to find out why he has chosen to take to the skies and become a commercial airline pilot .
paul van dyk , the legendary trance musician , dj and producer has made his name well-known , even though his genre of music is typically associated with young ravers and more urban listeners . art of life meets up with the rock legend to find out why he has chosen to take to the skies and become a commercial airline pilot .
`` while the free press differs with mccain on a number of issues , the arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , '' the newspaper said in an editorial . the democratic party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for sen. hillary clinton .
`` while the free press differs with mccain on a number of issues , the arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , '' the newspaper said in an editorial . michigan 's governor , jennifer granholm , is a democrat , as are the state 's two u.s. senators -- carl levin and debbie stabenow .
`` while the free press differs with mccain on a number of issues , the arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , '' the newspaper said in an editorial . sen. john mccain won new hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in michigan .
`` while the free press differs with mccain on a number of issues , the arizona senator is a smarter , more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues , '' the newspaper said in an editorial . the detroit news also endorsed mccain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over michigan native mitt romney .
the democratic party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for sen. hillary clinton . michigan 's governor , jennifer granholm , is a democrat , as are the state 's two u.s. senators -- carl levin and debbie stabenow .
the democratic party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for sen. hillary clinton . sen. john mccain won new hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in michigan .
the democratic party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early , and top-tier democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot , except for sen. hillary clinton . the detroit news also endorsed mccain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over michigan native mitt romney .
michigan 's governor , jennifer granholm , is a democrat , as are the state 's two u.s. senators -- carl levin and debbie stabenow . sen. john mccain won new hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in michigan .
michigan 's governor , jennifer granholm , is a democrat , as are the state 's two u.s. senators -- carl levin and debbie stabenow . the detroit news also endorsed mccain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over michigan native mitt romney .
sen. john mccain won new hampshire with the help of independent voters , and he is campaigning hard to re-create that success in michigan . the detroit news also endorsed mccain , citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs , over michigan native mitt romney .
the boeing web site claims the 777 set the `` great circle distance without landing '' record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for `` speed around the world , eastbound , '' traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . the aircraft first entered service on june 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the boeing web site .
the boeing web site claims the 777 set the `` great circle distance without landing '' record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for `` speed around the world , eastbound , '' traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history .
the boeing web site claims the 777 set the `` great circle distance without landing '' record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for `` speed around the world , eastbound , '' traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . since its inaugural flight , boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights .
the boeing web site claims the 777 set the `` great circle distance without landing '' record , traveling 20,044 km , and it set the record for `` speed around the world , eastbound , '' traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour . on november 9 and 10 , 2005 , a boeing 777-200lr worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner .
the aircraft first entered service on june 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the boeing web site . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history .
the aircraft first entered service on june 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the boeing web site . since its inaugural flight , boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights .
the aircraft first entered service on june 7 , 1995 , with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction , according to the boeing web site . on november 9 and 10 , 2005 , a boeing 777-200lr worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history . since its inaugural flight , boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident during its service history . on november 9 and 10 , 2005 , a boeing 777-200lr worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner .
since its inaugural flight , boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version , collectively making more than two million flights . on november 9 and 10 , 2005 , a boeing 777-200lr worldliner set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop by a commercial jetliner .
in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the world trade center ; and john walker lindh , the american taliban who was arrested in afghanistan in 2001 , and others . `` we raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the muslim palestine , the arabian peninsula in particular , and the region in general , to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher bush on his visit to muslim palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of january , '' he said .
in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the world trade center ; and john walker lindh , the american taliban who was arrested in afghanistan in 2001 , and others . the 50-minute tape -- titled `` an invitation to reflection and repentance '' -- was released by as sahab , al qaeda 's video production wing and was provided to cnn by www.lauramansfield.com , a web site that analyzes terrorism .
in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the world trade center ; and john walker lindh , the american taliban who was arrested in afghanistan in 2001 , and others . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- on a videotape released sunday , american al qaeda member adam yahiye gadahn renounces his u.s. citizenship , destroys his passport and cites u.s. president bush 's upcoming trip to the middle east .
in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the world trade center ; and john walker lindh , the american taliban who was arrested in afghanistan in 2001 , and others . the self-proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi 's most wanted list , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture .
`` we raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the muslim palestine , the arabian peninsula in particular , and the region in general , to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher bush on his visit to muslim palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of january , '' he said . the 50-minute tape -- titled `` an invitation to reflection and repentance '' -- was released by as sahab , al qaeda 's video production wing and was provided to cnn by www.lauramansfield.com , a web site that analyzes terrorism .
`` we raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the muslim palestine , the arabian peninsula in particular , and the region in general , to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher bush on his visit to muslim palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of january , '' he said . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- on a videotape released sunday , american al qaeda member adam yahiye gadahn renounces his u.s. citizenship , destroys his passport and cites u.s. president bush 's upcoming trip to the middle east .
`` we raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the muslim palestine , the arabian peninsula in particular , and the region in general , to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher bush on his visit to muslim palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of january , '' he said . the self-proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi 's most wanted list , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture .
the 50-minute tape -- titled `` an invitation to reflection and repentance '' -- was released by as sahab , al qaeda 's video production wing and was provided to cnn by www.lauramansfield.com , a web site that analyzes terrorism . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- on a videotape released sunday , american al qaeda member adam yahiye gadahn renounces his u.s. citizenship , destroys his passport and cites u.s. president bush 's upcoming trip to the middle east .
the 50-minute tape -- titled `` an invitation to reflection and repentance '' -- was released by as sahab , al qaeda 's video production wing and was provided to cnn by www.lauramansfield.com , a web site that analyzes terrorism . the self-proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi 's most wanted list , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- on a videotape released sunday , american al qaeda member adam yahiye gadahn renounces his u.s. citizenship , destroys his passport and cites u.s. president bush 's upcoming trip to the middle east . the self-proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi 's most wanted list , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture .
an embassy spokeswoman said : `` seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d'aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium . united boss sir alex ferguson had hoped tonight 's game would pass off peacefully but the british embassy in rome had warned supporters faced a `` real danger of attack '' by the ultras .
an embassy spokeswoman said : `` seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d'aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium . the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d'aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma 's notorious ultras - a following of hardcore fans .
an embassy spokeswoman said : `` seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d'aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium . british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a 16-year-old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported .
an embassy spokeswoman said : `` seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d'aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium . the 1,200 british supporters who made the journey were largely shepherded into the stadium two hours before kick-off , with clear segregation in place in the less than capacity crowd .
united boss sir alex ferguson had hoped tonight 's game would pass off peacefully but the british embassy in rome had warned supporters faced a `` real danger of attack '' by the ultras . the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d'aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma 's notorious ultras - a following of hardcore fans .
united boss sir alex ferguson had hoped tonight 's game would pass off peacefully but the british embassy in rome had warned supporters faced a `` real danger of attack '' by the ultras . british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a 16-year-old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported .
united boss sir alex ferguson had hoped tonight 's game would pass off peacefully but the british embassy in rome had warned supporters faced a `` real danger of attack '' by the ultras . the 1,200 british supporters who made the journey were largely shepherded into the stadium two hours before kick-off , with clear segregation in place in the less than capacity crowd .
the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d'aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma 's notorious ultras - a following of hardcore fans . british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a 16-year-old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported .
the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d'aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma 's notorious ultras - a following of hardcore fans . the 1,200 british supporters who made the journey were largely shepherded into the stadium two hours before kick-off , with clear segregation in place in the less than capacity crowd .
british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a 16-year-old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported . the 1,200 british supporters who made the journey were largely shepherded into the stadium two hours before kick-off , with clear segregation in place in the less than capacity crowd .
darren tuck , a nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , according to de meo . las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an intense manhunt was under way monday for chester stiles , a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago .
darren tuck , a nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , according to de meo . tuck 's attorney , harry kuehn , said last week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that his client had been `` wracked by indecision '' as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
darren tuck , a nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , according to de meo . `` he will hide out in mountains if that 's what it takes , he will hide out in a crowd , he 'll find somebody who has n't heard anything and stay there , '' she said .
darren tuck , a nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police , faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography , according to de meo . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an intense manhunt was under way monday for chester stiles , a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago . tuck 's attorney , harry kuehn , said last week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that his client had been `` wracked by indecision '' as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an intense manhunt was under way monday for chester stiles , a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago . `` he will hide out in mountains if that 's what it takes , he will hide out in a crowd , he 'll find somebody who has n't heard anything and stay there , '' she said .
las vegas , nevada -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- an intense manhunt was under way monday for chester stiles , a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
tuck 's attorney , harry kuehn , said last week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that his client had been `` wracked by indecision '' as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . `` he will hide out in mountains if that 's what it takes , he will hide out in a crowd , he 'll find somebody who has n't heard anything and stay there , '' she said .
tuck 's attorney , harry kuehn , said last week on cnn 's `` nancy grace '' that his client had been `` wracked by indecision '' as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
`` he will hide out in mountains if that 's what it takes , he will hide out in a crowd , he 'll find somebody who has n't heard anything and stay there , '' she said . `` he said he 'd been in the navy and , you know , i was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what i thought they needed to be , '' allen said .
speaking to cnn senior political analyst bill schneider , sorensen discussed kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered thursday by republican presidential candidate mitt romney , who would be the first mormon in the white house if he is elected . this country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender .
speaking to cnn senior political analyst bill schneider , sorensen discussed kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered thursday by republican presidential candidate mitt romney , who would be the first mormon in the white house if he is elected . he believed that no one needed to worry about a catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all .
speaking to cnn senior political analyst bill schneider , sorensen discussed kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered thursday by republican presidential candidate mitt romney , who would be the first mormon in the white house if he is elected . sorensen : because -lsb- kennedy -rsb- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with god or jesus christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion .
speaking to cnn senior political analyst bill schneider , sorensen discussed kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered thursday by republican presidential candidate mitt romney , who would be the first mormon in the white house if he is elected . he did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church i believe in , the question is what kind of country do i believe in .
this country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender . he believed that no one needed to worry about a catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all .
this country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender . sorensen : because -lsb- kennedy -rsb- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with god or jesus christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion .
this country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender . he did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church i believe in , the question is what kind of country do i believe in .
he believed that no one needed to worry about a catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all . sorensen : because -lsb- kennedy -rsb- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with god or jesus christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion .
he believed that no one needed to worry about a catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all . he did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church i believe in , the question is what kind of country do i believe in .
sorensen : because -lsb- kennedy -rsb- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with god or jesus christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion . he did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church i believe in , the question is what kind of country do i believe in .
`` over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground , '' said blair , who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called middle east quartet of the united nations , united states , european union and russia . a report monday from the u.n. development program spotlighted the pressures on private palestinian businesses , especially in gaza , where it said the private sector `` is on the verge of collapse with no scope for recovery '' unless israeli restrictions are lifted .
`` over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground , '' said blair , who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called middle east quartet of the united nations , united states , european union and russia . watch cnn 's jim bittermann explain the conference 's aims '' it follows on the heels of last month 's peace talks in the u.s. in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final-status agreement by the end of 2008 .
`` over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground , '' said blair , who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called middle east quartet of the united nations , united states , european union and russia . sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a `` friend of israel , '' but he urged the israeli government to withdraw troops from the west bank , freeze settlements , reopen institutions in east jerusalem and help the isolated population of gaza .
`` over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground , '' said blair , who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called middle east quartet of the united nations , united states , european union and russia . other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians ' promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently .
a report monday from the u.n. development program spotlighted the pressures on private palestinian businesses , especially in gaza , where it said the private sector `` is on the verge of collapse with no scope for recovery '' unless israeli restrictions are lifted . watch cnn 's jim bittermann explain the conference 's aims '' it follows on the heels of last month 's peace talks in the u.s. in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final-status agreement by the end of 2008 .
a report monday from the u.n. development program spotlighted the pressures on private palestinian businesses , especially in gaza , where it said the private sector `` is on the verge of collapse with no scope for recovery '' unless israeli restrictions are lifted . sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a `` friend of israel , '' but he urged the israeli government to withdraw troops from the west bank , freeze settlements , reopen institutions in east jerusalem and help the isolated population of gaza .
a report monday from the u.n. development program spotlighted the pressures on private palestinian businesses , especially in gaza , where it said the private sector `` is on the verge of collapse with no scope for recovery '' unless israeli restrictions are lifted . other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians ' promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently .
watch cnn 's jim bittermann explain the conference 's aims '' it follows on the heels of last month 's peace talks in the u.s. in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final-status agreement by the end of 2008 . sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a `` friend of israel , '' but he urged the israeli government to withdraw troops from the west bank , freeze settlements , reopen institutions in east jerusalem and help the isolated population of gaza .
watch cnn 's jim bittermann explain the conference 's aims '' it follows on the heels of last month 's peace talks in the u.s. in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final-status agreement by the end of 2008 . other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians ' promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently .
sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a `` friend of israel , '' but he urged the israeli government to withdraw troops from the west bank , freeze settlements , reopen institutions in east jerusalem and help the isolated population of gaza . other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians ' promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block .
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
another was gen. michel aoun ; now back from exile , the same michel aoun who had defied syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with hezbollah against his fellow christians . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block .
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
see bios of lebanon 's major players '' in 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ?
out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
and the questions haunts me : will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ? then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set lebanon back 20 years .
he called a lebanese tv show to defend her , when a former saudi judge claimed on the program that she `` spoil -lrb- ed -rrb- their marital bed '' by meeting an unrelated male `` in secret '' and admitted her guilt . saudi arabia 's justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al-sheikh told al-jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system .
he called a lebanese tv show to defend her , when a former saudi judge claimed on the program that she `` spoil -lrb- ed -rrb- their marital bed '' by meeting an unrelated male `` in secret '' and admitted her guilt . a saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship '' with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a `` compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . ''
he called a lebanese tv show to defend her , when a former saudi judge claimed on the program that she `` spoil -lrb- ed -rrb- their marital bed '' by meeting an unrelated male `` in secret '' and admitted her guilt . he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying : `` this fatherly care and noble gesture will help -lrb- in -rrb- lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . ''
he called a lebanese tv show to defend her , when a former saudi judge claimed on the program that she `` spoil -lrb- ed -rrb- their marital bed '' by meeting an unrelated male `` in secret '' and admitted her guilt . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported .
saudi arabia 's justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al-sheikh told al-jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system . a saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship '' with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a `` compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . ''
saudi arabia 's justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al-sheikh told al-jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system . he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying : `` this fatherly care and noble gesture will help -lrb- in -rrb- lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . ''
saudi arabia 's justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al-sheikh told al-jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported .
a saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship '' with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a `` compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . '' he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying : `` this fatherly care and noble gesture will help -lrb- in -rrb- lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . ''
a saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an `` illegitimate relationship '' with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a `` compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported .
he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying : `` this fatherly care and noble gesture will help -lrb- in -rrb- lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . '' -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported .
`` it is only in the united states that a penniless survivor of the holocaust and a fighter in the anti-nazi underground could have received an education , raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of congress , '' lantos said in a statement at the time . `` chairman lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world , '' house republican whip roy blunt of missouri said in a statement .
`` it is only in the united states that a penniless survivor of the holocaust and a fighter in the anti-nazi underground could have received an education , raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of congress , '' lantos said in a statement at the time . lantos ' life was `` defined by courage , optimism , and unwavering dedication to his principles and to his family , '' said his wife , annette , his childhood sweetheart , in a statement the house of representatives released .
`` it is only in the united states that a penniless survivor of the holocaust and a fighter in the anti-nazi underground could have received an education , raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of congress , '' lantos said in a statement at the time . rice described lantos as `` the embodiment of what it meant to have one 's freedom denied and then to find it and to insist that americans stand for spreading the benefits of freedom and prosperity to others . ''
`` it is only in the united states that a penniless survivor of the holocaust and a fighter in the anti-nazi underground could have received an education , raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of congress , '' lantos said in a statement at the time . he died at the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , surrounded by his wife , annette , daughters annette and katrina and many of his 18 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , according to his office .
`` chairman lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world , '' house republican whip roy blunt of missouri said in a statement . lantos ' life was `` defined by courage , optimism , and unwavering dedication to his principles and to his family , '' said his wife , annette , his childhood sweetheart , in a statement the house of representatives released .
`` chairman lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world , '' house republican whip roy blunt of missouri said in a statement . rice described lantos as `` the embodiment of what it meant to have one 's freedom denied and then to find it and to insist that americans stand for spreading the benefits of freedom and prosperity to others . ''
`` chairman lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better , freer and more religiously tolerant world , '' house republican whip roy blunt of missouri said in a statement . he died at the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , surrounded by his wife , annette , daughters annette and katrina and many of his 18 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , according to his office .
lantos ' life was `` defined by courage , optimism , and unwavering dedication to his principles and to his family , '' said his wife , annette , his childhood sweetheart , in a statement the house of representatives released . rice described lantos as `` the embodiment of what it meant to have one 's freedom denied and then to find it and to insist that americans stand for spreading the benefits of freedom and prosperity to others . ''
lantos ' life was `` defined by courage , optimism , and unwavering dedication to his principles and to his family , '' said his wife , annette , his childhood sweetheart , in a statement the house of representatives released . he died at the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , surrounded by his wife , annette , daughters annette and katrina and many of his 18 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , according to his office .
rice described lantos as `` the embodiment of what it meant to have one 's freedom denied and then to find it and to insist that americans stand for spreading the benefits of freedom and prosperity to others . '' he died at the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , surrounded by his wife , annette , daughters annette and katrina and many of his 18 grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , according to his office .
kibaki , a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the party of national unity in elections five years ago , also enjoys the support of kenyatta 's successor , daniel arap moi , a member of the kalenjin tribe who ruled kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002 . but a booming tourism industry , impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to the economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty , violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions .
kibaki , a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the party of national unity in elections five years ago , also enjoys the support of kenyatta 's successor , daniel arap moi , a member of the kalenjin tribe who ruled kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002 . but they also form a sizeable community in some of nairobi 's most notorious slums , such as the vast kibera shantytown where odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week 's fiercest violence has occurred .
kibaki , a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the party of national unity in elections five years ago , also enjoys the support of kenyatta 's successor , daniel arap moi , a member of the kalenjin tribe who ruled kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002 . odinga 's orange democratic movement is also backed by many members of the luhya tribe , kenya 's second largest ethnic group , after odinga promised to make a leading luhya his deputy if elected .
kibaki , a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the party of national unity in elections five years ago , also enjoys the support of kenyatta 's successor , daniel arap moi , a member of the kalenjin tribe who ruled kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002 . this week 's violence came as election officials declared victory for kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for odinga in the closest presidential vote in kenyan electoral history .
but a booming tourism industry , impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to the economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty , violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions . but they also form a sizeable community in some of nairobi 's most notorious slums , such as the vast kibera shantytown where odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week 's fiercest violence has occurred .
but a booming tourism industry , impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to the economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty , violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions . odinga 's orange democratic movement is also backed by many members of the luhya tribe , kenya 's second largest ethnic group , after odinga promised to make a leading luhya his deputy if elected .
but a booming tourism industry , impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to the economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty , violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions . this week 's violence came as election officials declared victory for kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for odinga in the closest presidential vote in kenyan electoral history .
but they also form a sizeable community in some of nairobi 's most notorious slums , such as the vast kibera shantytown where odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week 's fiercest violence has occurred . odinga 's orange democratic movement is also backed by many members of the luhya tribe , kenya 's second largest ethnic group , after odinga promised to make a leading luhya his deputy if elected .
but they also form a sizeable community in some of nairobi 's most notorious slums , such as the vast kibera shantytown where odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week 's fiercest violence has occurred . this week 's violence came as election officials declared victory for kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for odinga in the closest presidential vote in kenyan electoral history .
odinga 's orange democratic movement is also backed by many members of the luhya tribe , kenya 's second largest ethnic group , after odinga promised to make a leading luhya his deputy if elected . this week 's violence came as election officials declared victory for kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for odinga in the closest presidential vote in kenyan electoral history .
it was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts , but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the mehdi army -- the militia of anti-american shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr -- and the badr brigade , the militia of the sici , which condemned the bombings and blamed `` saddamists and takfiris . '' watch how shiite groups have been vying for power '' britain , which has been in command of the south since the iraqi war began , has been working to withdraw its troops from the region , which , despite this latest violence , has always been more stable than baghdad and other outlying regions .
it was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts , but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the mehdi army -- the militia of anti-american shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr -- and the badr brigade , the militia of the sici , which condemned the bombings and blamed `` saddamists and takfiris . '' `` the targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province , '' which he said endured cruelty under the saddam hussein regime .
it was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts , but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the mehdi army -- the militia of anti-american shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr -- and the badr brigade , the militia of the sici , which condemned the bombings and blamed `` saddamists and takfiris . '' baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said .
it was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts , but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the mehdi army -- the militia of anti-american shiite cleric muqtada al-sadr -- and the badr brigade , the militia of the sici , which condemned the bombings and blamed `` saddamists and takfiris . '' the blasts detonated in close succession in a commercial area in the central section of amara , the provincial capital of maysan province and a city that has been the scene of fighting between rival shiite factions .
watch how shiite groups have been vying for power '' britain , which has been in command of the south since the iraqi war began , has been working to withdraw its troops from the region , which , despite this latest violence , has always been more stable than baghdad and other outlying regions . `` the targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province , '' which he said endured cruelty under the saddam hussein regime .
watch how shiite groups have been vying for power '' britain , which has been in command of the south since the iraqi war began , has been working to withdraw its troops from the region , which , despite this latest violence , has always been more stable than baghdad and other outlying regions . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said .
watch how shiite groups have been vying for power '' britain , which has been in command of the south since the iraqi war began , has been working to withdraw its troops from the region , which , despite this latest violence , has always been more stable than baghdad and other outlying regions . the blasts detonated in close succession in a commercial area in the central section of amara , the provincial capital of maysan province and a city that has been the scene of fighting between rival shiite factions .
`` the targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province , '' which he said endured cruelty under the saddam hussein regime . baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said .
`` the targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province , '' which he said endured cruelty under the saddam hussein regime . the blasts detonated in close succession in a commercial area in the central section of amara , the provincial capital of maysan province and a city that has been the scene of fighting between rival shiite factions .
baghdad , iraq -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said . the blasts detonated in close succession in a commercial area in the central section of amara , the provincial capital of maysan province and a city that has been the scene of fighting between rival shiite factions .
we are starting with this fundamental principle that we are all citizens of one state ... you will find that in due course of time , hindus will cease to be hindus and muslims will cease to be muslims , not in the religious sense ... but in the political sense as citizens of the state . '' new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the days after benazir bhutto 's assassination , it will be tempting to reach two hasty conclusions : that she was pakistan 's last great hope and that her geo-politically crucial country has revealed itself to be inherently hopeless .
we are starting with this fundamental principle that we are all citizens of one state ... you will find that in due course of time , hindus will cease to be hindus and muslims will cease to be muslims , not in the religious sense ... but in the political sense as citizens of the state . '' `` and not because she was killed but because when she had the chance , she did not effectively challenge the backward mindset that has now led to her demise . ''
we are starting with this fundamental principle that we are all citizens of one state ... you will find that in due course of time , hindus will cease to be hindus and muslims will cease to be muslims , not in the religious sense ... but in the political sense as citizens of the state . '' watch manji argue on cnn why bhutto 's legacy is mixed '' imagine the opportunity : bhutto could have championed a purer faith by tackling corrupt cultural practices .
we are starting with this fundamental principle that we are all citizens of one state ... you will find that in due course of time , hindus will cease to be hindus and muslims will cease to be muslims , not in the religious sense ... but in the political sense as citizens of the state . '' writing to me through my web site , american feminists say they are `` aching '' over the loss of `` our dear , sweet , brave benazir . ''
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the days after benazir bhutto 's assassination , it will be tempting to reach two hasty conclusions : that she was pakistan 's last great hope and that her geo-politically crucial country has revealed itself to be inherently hopeless . `` and not because she was killed but because when she had the chance , she did not effectively challenge the backward mindset that has now led to her demise . ''
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the days after benazir bhutto 's assassination , it will be tempting to reach two hasty conclusions : that she was pakistan 's last great hope and that her geo-politically crucial country has revealed itself to be inherently hopeless . watch manji argue on cnn why bhutto 's legacy is mixed '' imagine the opportunity : bhutto could have championed a purer faith by tackling corrupt cultural practices .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the days after benazir bhutto 's assassination , it will be tempting to reach two hasty conclusions : that she was pakistan 's last great hope and that her geo-politically crucial country has revealed itself to be inherently hopeless . writing to me through my web site , american feminists say they are `` aching '' over the loss of `` our dear , sweet , brave benazir . ''
`` and not because she was killed but because when she had the chance , she did not effectively challenge the backward mindset that has now led to her demise . '' watch manji argue on cnn why bhutto 's legacy is mixed '' imagine the opportunity : bhutto could have championed a purer faith by tackling corrupt cultural practices .
`` and not because she was killed but because when she had the chance , she did not effectively challenge the backward mindset that has now led to her demise . '' writing to me through my web site , american feminists say they are `` aching '' over the loss of `` our dear , sweet , brave benazir . ''
watch manji argue on cnn why bhutto 's legacy is mixed '' imagine the opportunity : bhutto could have championed a purer faith by tackling corrupt cultural practices . writing to me through my web site , american feminists say they are `` aching '' over the loss of `` our dear , sweet , brave benazir . ''
they signed a `` memorandum of understanding '' to deepen relations further with their three parties : talabani 's patriotic union of kurdistan , barzani 's kurdistan democratic party and al-hashimi 's iraqi islamic party , a sunni arab entity . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the united states , turkey and iraq working together to confront the kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk .
they signed a `` memorandum of understanding '' to deepen relations further with their three parties : talabani 's patriotic union of kurdistan , barzani 's kurdistan democratic party and al-hashimi 's iraqi islamic party , a sunni arab entity . last week , turkey 's ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states .
they signed a `` memorandum of understanding '' to deepen relations further with their three parties : talabani 's patriotic union of kurdistan , barzani 's kurdistan democratic party and al-hashimi 's iraqi islamic party , a sunni arab entity . in the kurdish iraq city of sulaimaniya , iraqi president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , and vice president tariq al-hashimi , who is sunni arab , met with kurdish regional government president massoud barzani .
they signed a `` memorandum of understanding '' to deepen relations further with their three parties : talabani 's patriotic union of kurdistan , barzani 's kurdistan democratic party and al-hashimi 's iraqi islamic party , a sunni arab entity . `` we held consultations with president jalal talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . ''
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the united states , turkey and iraq working together to confront the kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk . last week , turkey 's ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states .
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the united states , turkey and iraq working together to confront the kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk . in the kurdish iraq city of sulaimaniya , iraqi president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , and vice president tariq al-hashimi , who is sunni arab , met with kurdish regional government president massoud barzani .
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the united states , turkey and iraq working together to confront the kurdistan workers ' party , or pkk . `` we held consultations with president jalal talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . ''
last week , turkey 's ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states . in the kurdish iraq city of sulaimaniya , iraqi president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , and vice president tariq al-hashimi , who is sunni arab , met with kurdish regional government president massoud barzani .
last week , turkey 's ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states . `` we held consultations with president jalal talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . ''
in the kurdish iraq city of sulaimaniya , iraqi president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , and vice president tariq al-hashimi , who is sunni arab , met with kurdish regional government president massoud barzani . `` we held consultations with president jalal talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . ''
in a note from chief superintendent dai davies , head of the royal protection squad , that was read out to the court , it was stated that he and metropolitan police commissioner sir paul condon believed that the planned holiday was `` unwise . '' rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at kensington palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the english crown should skip a generation to her son , william .
in a note from chief superintendent dai davies , head of the royal protection squad , that was read out to the court , it was stated that he and metropolitan police commissioner sir paul condon believed that the planned holiday was `` unwise . '' earlier in the day , the inquest heard from diana 's former lawyer , who said the princess had claimed queen elizabeth was planning to abdicate in april 1996 and allow prince charles to be king .
in a note from chief superintendent dai davies , head of the royal protection squad , that was read out to the court , it was stated that he and metropolitan police commissioner sir paul condon believed that the planned holiday was `` unwise . '' london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- claims by diana 's former butler that he knew a mysterious `` secret '' about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest .
in a note from chief superintendent dai davies , head of the royal protection squad , that was read out to the court , it was stated that he and metropolitan police commissioner sir paul condon believed that the planned holiday was `` unwise . '' the coroner revealed that what burrell referred to was that diana was planning to buy property to live in part of the time and that the location may have been in the united states or south africa .
rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at kensington palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the english crown should skip a generation to her son , william . earlier in the day , the inquest heard from diana 's former lawyer , who said the princess had claimed queen elizabeth was planning to abdicate in april 1996 and allow prince charles to be king .
rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at kensington palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the english crown should skip a generation to her son , william . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- claims by diana 's former butler that he knew a mysterious `` secret '' about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest .
rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at kensington palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the english crown should skip a generation to her son , william . the coroner revealed that what burrell referred to was that diana was planning to buy property to live in part of the time and that the location may have been in the united states or south africa .
earlier in the day , the inquest heard from diana 's former lawyer , who said the princess had claimed queen elizabeth was planning to abdicate in april 1996 and allow prince charles to be king . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- claims by diana 's former butler that he knew a mysterious `` secret '' about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest .
earlier in the day , the inquest heard from diana 's former lawyer , who said the princess had claimed queen elizabeth was planning to abdicate in april 1996 and allow prince charles to be king . the coroner revealed that what burrell referred to was that diana was planning to buy property to live in part of the time and that the location may have been in the united states or south africa .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- claims by diana 's former butler that he knew a mysterious `` secret '' about the late princess have been trashed by the coroner in her inquest . the coroner revealed that what burrell referred to was that diana was planning to buy property to live in part of the time and that the location may have been in the united states or south africa .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- princess diana 's relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter `` a whore '' , paul burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest monday . the inquest , which began in october and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the princess and dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- princess diana 's relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter `` a whore '' , paul burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest monday . his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- princess diana 's relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter `` a whore '' , paul burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest monday . according to burrell , the princess was still `` holding a candle '' for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan -- who she called `` her soulmate '' -- when she started dating fayed `` on the rebound . ''
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- princess diana 's relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter `` a whore '' , paul burrell , the princess 's former butler , told an inquest monday . burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june 1997 with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men .
the inquest , which began in october and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the princess and dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise . his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated .
the inquest , which began in october and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the princess and dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise . according to burrell , the princess was still `` holding a candle '' for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan -- who she called `` her soulmate '' -- when she started dating fayed `` on the rebound . ''
the inquest , which began in october and is expected to last another two or three months , aims to uncover the facts surrounding the deaths of the princess and dodi and determine their cause of death -- whether by accident or otherwise . burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june 1997 with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men .
his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated . according to burrell , the princess was still `` holding a candle '' for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan -- who she called `` her soulmate '' -- when she started dating fayed `` on the rebound . ''
his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august 31 , 1997 , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated . burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june 1997 with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men .
according to burrell , the princess was still `` holding a candle '' for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan -- who she called `` her soulmate '' -- when she started dating fayed `` on the rebound . '' burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june 1997 with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men .
san jose , california -- top-seed andy roddick easily defeated delray beach winner kei nishikori of japan 6-2 6-4 in the headline match at the atp tournament in san jose on thursday night . roddick duly rounded off the set in the next game and broke nishikori 's service in the fourth game of the second only for his youthful opponent to break straight back .
san jose , california -- top-seed andy roddick easily defeated delray beach winner kei nishikori of japan 6-2 6-4 in the headline match at the atp tournament in san jose on thursday night . in the early evening match , james blake , beaten by nishikori in the delray beach final , overcame first-serve problems to beat jesse levine 6-4 6-4 to move onto the quarterfinals .
san jose , california -- top-seed andy roddick easily defeated delray beach winner kei nishikori of japan 6-2 6-4 in the headline match at the atp tournament in san jose on thursday night . but american number one roddick imposed his quality from the start by taking a commanding 3-0 lead and breaking nishikori 's serve before the youngster won a game .
san jose , california -- top-seed andy roddick easily defeated delray beach winner kei nishikori of japan 6-2 6-4 in the headline match at the atp tournament in san jose on thursday night . he missed an easy slam shot that would have given him the advantage at deuce and then saw his saw his volley go wide that gave roddick the match .
roddick duly rounded off the set in the next game and broke nishikori 's service in the fourth game of the second only for his youthful opponent to break straight back . in the early evening match , james blake , beaten by nishikori in the delray beach final , overcame first-serve problems to beat jesse levine 6-4 6-4 to move onto the quarterfinals .
roddick duly rounded off the set in the next game and broke nishikori 's service in the fourth game of the second only for his youthful opponent to break straight back . but american number one roddick imposed his quality from the start by taking a commanding 3-0 lead and breaking nishikori 's serve before the youngster won a game .
roddick duly rounded off the set in the next game and broke nishikori 's service in the fourth game of the second only for his youthful opponent to break straight back . he missed an easy slam shot that would have given him the advantage at deuce and then saw his saw his volley go wide that gave roddick the match .
in the early evening match , james blake , beaten by nishikori in the delray beach final , overcame first-serve problems to beat jesse levine 6-4 6-4 to move onto the quarterfinals . but american number one roddick imposed his quality from the start by taking a commanding 3-0 lead and breaking nishikori 's serve before the youngster won a game .
in the early evening match , james blake , beaten by nishikori in the delray beach final , overcame first-serve problems to beat jesse levine 6-4 6-4 to move onto the quarterfinals . he missed an easy slam shot that would have given him the advantage at deuce and then saw his saw his volley go wide that gave roddick the match .
but american number one roddick imposed his quality from the start by taking a commanding 3-0 lead and breaking nishikori 's serve before the youngster won a game . he missed an easy slam shot that would have given him the advantage at deuce and then saw his saw his volley go wide that gave roddick the match .
watch the scenes of devastation in ecuador '' on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . babahoyo , ecuador -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday .
watch the scenes of devastation in ecuador '' on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply .
watch the scenes of devastation in ecuador '' on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , ecuador 's government said .
watch the scenes of devastation in ecuador '' on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers . a man grabs on to a piece of wood as a boat passes him on a flooded street this week in puerto inca , ecuador .
babahoyo , ecuador -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday . cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply .
babahoyo , ecuador -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday . once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , ecuador 's government said .
babahoyo , ecuador -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- at least 10 people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday . a man grabs on to a piece of wood as a boat passes him on a flooded street this week in puerto inca , ecuador .
cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply . once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , ecuador 's government said .
cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply . a man grabs on to a piece of wood as a boat passes him on a flooded street this week in puerto inca , ecuador .
once the crisis has eased , an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away , ecuador 's government said . a man grabs on to a piece of wood as a boat passes him on a flooded street this week in puerto inca , ecuador .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- several marines who were involved in the november 2004 offensive in falluja , iraq , are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation , several pentagon officials have confirmed . the allegations first surfaced on a web site , defendourmarines.com , posted by nathaniel helms , a military journalist who wrote a book about the marines in falluja .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- several marines who were involved in the november 2004 offensive in falluja , iraq , are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation , several pentagon officials have confirmed . no one has been charged in the probe , which is based on what one official told cnn were `` credible allegations '' from a former marine .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- several marines who were involved in the november 2004 offensive in falluja , iraq , are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation , several pentagon officials have confirmed . both u.s. military law and international law of armed conflict prohibit the killing of unarmed captured prisoners , whether or not they are combatants .
washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- several marines who were involved in the november 2004 offensive in falluja , iraq , are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation , several pentagon officials have confirmed . one marine will serve eight years in a plea deal ; another marine withdrew his guilty plea , saying he acted under orders .
the allegations first surfaced on a web site , defendourmarines.com , posted by nathaniel helms , a military journalist who wrote a book about the marines in falluja . no one has been charged in the probe , which is based on what one official told cnn were `` credible allegations '' from a former marine .
the allegations first surfaced on a web site , defendourmarines.com , posted by nathaniel helms , a military journalist who wrote a book about the marines in falluja . both u.s. military law and international law of armed conflict prohibit the killing of unarmed captured prisoners , whether or not they are combatants .
the allegations first surfaced on a web site , defendourmarines.com , posted by nathaniel helms , a military journalist who wrote a book about the marines in falluja . one marine will serve eight years in a plea deal ; another marine withdrew his guilty plea , saying he acted under orders .
no one has been charged in the probe , which is based on what one official told cnn were `` credible allegations '' from a former marine . both u.s. military law and international law of armed conflict prohibit the killing of unarmed captured prisoners , whether or not they are combatants .
no one has been charged in the probe , which is based on what one official told cnn were `` credible allegations '' from a former marine . one marine will serve eight years in a plea deal ; another marine withdrew his guilty plea , saying he acted under orders .
both u.s. military law and international law of armed conflict prohibit the killing of unarmed captured prisoners , whether or not they are combatants . one marine will serve eight years in a plea deal ; another marine withdrew his guilty plea , saying he acted under orders .
he observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , ethan coen `` got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the minneapolis international airport with a super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` henry kissinger , man on the go . ' '' watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks '' the coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as `` fargo , '' `` o brother , where art thou '' and `` the big lebowski , '' received some laughs for ethan coen 's laconic acceptance speeches .
he observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , ethan coen `` got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the minneapolis international airport with a super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` henry kissinger , man on the go . ' `` i 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and i 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , michael balcon , my father , cecil day-lewis , and my three fine boys , gabriel , ronan and cashel , '' he added .
he observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , ethan coen `` got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the minneapolis international airport with a super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` henry kissinger , man on the go . ' see swinton on the red carpet '' swinton beat out 83-year-old ruby dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing mama lucas to denzel washington 's drug kingpin frank lucas in `` american gangster . ''
he observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , ethan coen `` got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the minneapolis international airport with a super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` henry kissinger , man on the go . ' `` no country '' picked up four , `` the bourne ultimatum '' earned three -lrb- one for its rapid-fire editing -rrb- and `` there will be blood '' received two : day-lewis ' acting award and robert elswit 's cinematography honor .
'' watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks '' the coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as `` fargo , '' `` o brother , where art thou '' and `` the big lebowski , '' received some laughs for ethan coen 's laconic acceptance speeches . `` i 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and i 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , michael balcon , my father , cecil day-lewis , and my three fine boys , gabriel , ronan and cashel , '' he added .
'' watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks '' the coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as `` fargo , '' `` o brother , where art thou '' and `` the big lebowski , '' received some laughs for ethan coen 's laconic acceptance speeches . see swinton on the red carpet '' swinton beat out 83-year-old ruby dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing mama lucas to denzel washington 's drug kingpin frank lucas in `` american gangster . ''
'' watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks '' the coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as `` fargo , '' `` o brother , where art thou '' and `` the big lebowski , '' received some laughs for ethan coen 's laconic acceptance speeches . `` no country '' picked up four , `` the bourne ultimatum '' earned three -lrb- one for its rapid-fire editing -rrb- and `` there will be blood '' received two : day-lewis ' acting award and robert elswit 's cinematography honor .
`` i 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and i 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , michael balcon , my father , cecil day-lewis , and my three fine boys , gabriel , ronan and cashel , '' he added . see swinton on the red carpet '' swinton beat out 83-year-old ruby dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing mama lucas to denzel washington 's drug kingpin frank lucas in `` american gangster . ''
`` i 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and i 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , michael balcon , my father , cecil day-lewis , and my three fine boys , gabriel , ronan and cashel , '' he added . `` no country '' picked up four , `` the bourne ultimatum '' earned three -lrb- one for its rapid-fire editing -rrb- and `` there will be blood '' received two : day-lewis ' acting award and robert elswit 's cinematography honor .
see swinton on the red carpet '' swinton beat out 83-year-old ruby dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing mama lucas to denzel washington 's drug kingpin frank lucas in `` american gangster . '' `` no country '' picked up four , `` the bourne ultimatum '' earned three -lrb- one for its rapid-fire editing -rrb- and `` there will be blood '' received two : day-lewis ' acting award and robert elswit 's cinematography honor .
the country 's top player starace -- 31st in the atp rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from january 1 and fined $ 30,000 -lrb- 20,890 euros -rrb- for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago . another italian player , alessio di mauro , became the first player sanctioned under the atp 's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in november , also for betting on matches .
the country 's top player starace -- 31st in the atp rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from january 1 and fined $ 30,000 -lrb- 20,890 euros -rrb- for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago . concerns about match-fixing have risen since august , when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked nikolay davydenko of russia and martin vassallo arguello of argentina .
the country 's top player starace -- 31st in the atp rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from january 1 and fined $ 30,000 -lrb- 20,890 euros -rrb- for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago . the federation said the two were not aware of the atp 's betting regulations , and that they stopped placing the bets as soon as they learned it was against the rules .
the country 's top player starace -- 31st in the atp rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from january 1 and fined $ 30,000 -lrb- 20,890 euros -rrb- for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago . bracciali , world ranked 258 , has been banned for three months and fined $ 20,000 -lrb- 13,930 euros -rrb- for making around 50 five-euro bets between 2004 and 2005 .
another italian player , alessio di mauro , became the first player sanctioned under the atp 's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in november , also for betting on matches . concerns about match-fixing have risen since august , when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked nikolay davydenko of russia and martin vassallo arguello of argentina .
another italian player , alessio di mauro , became the first player sanctioned under the atp 's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in november , also for betting on matches . the federation said the two were not aware of the atp 's betting regulations , and that they stopped placing the bets as soon as they learned it was against the rules .
another italian player , alessio di mauro , became the first player sanctioned under the atp 's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in november , also for betting on matches . bracciali , world ranked 258 , has been banned for three months and fined $ 20,000 -lrb- 13,930 euros -rrb- for making around 50 five-euro bets between 2004 and 2005 .
concerns about match-fixing have risen since august , when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked nikolay davydenko of russia and martin vassallo arguello of argentina . the federation said the two were not aware of the atp 's betting regulations , and that they stopped placing the bets as soon as they learned it was against the rules .
concerns about match-fixing have risen since august , when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked nikolay davydenko of russia and martin vassallo arguello of argentina . bracciali , world ranked 258 , has been banned for three months and fined $ 20,000 -lrb- 13,930 euros -rrb- for making around 50 five-euro bets between 2004 and 2005 .
the federation said the two were not aware of the atp 's betting regulations , and that they stopped placing the bets as soon as they learned it was against the rules . bracciali , world ranked 258 , has been banned for three months and fined $ 20,000 -lrb- 13,930 euros -rrb- for making around 50 five-euro bets between 2004 and 2005 .
but reid said democrats would continue pushing to shift federal tax breaks away from fossil-fuel producers and into renewable energy research -- one of the party 's top priorities when it took control of congress in january . the bill -- approved overwhelmingly tuesday by the house of representatives -- raises automotive fuel economy standards for the first time in more than three decades , requiring a corporate average of 35 miles per gallon by 2020 .
but reid said democrats would continue pushing to shift federal tax breaks away from fossil-fuel producers and into renewable energy research -- one of the party 's top priorities when it took control of congress in january . a republican filibuster in the senate removed provisions that bush objected to that would have eliminated tax breaks for oil companies and a requirement that electric utilities produce a portion of their power from alternative sources .
but reid said democrats would continue pushing to shift federal tax breaks away from fossil-fuel producers and into renewable energy research -- one of the party 's top priorities when it took control of congress in january . senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said tuesday 's bill was `` a great , wonderful first step for an energy revolution that starts in america and ripples throughout the world . ''
but reid said democrats would continue pushing to shift federal tax breaks away from fossil-fuel producers and into renewable energy research -- one of the party 's top priorities when it took control of congress in january . house opponents such as rep. joe barton , r-texas , complained that the bill will undo many of the efforts made to foster increased production of fossil fuels in an energy bill passed in 2005 .
the bill -- approved overwhelmingly tuesday by the house of representatives -- raises automotive fuel economy standards for the first time in more than three decades , requiring a corporate average of 35 miles per gallon by 2020 . a republican filibuster in the senate removed provisions that bush objected to that would have eliminated tax breaks for oil companies and a requirement that electric utilities produce a portion of their power from alternative sources .
the bill -- approved overwhelmingly tuesday by the house of representatives -- raises automotive fuel economy standards for the first time in more than three decades , requiring a corporate average of 35 miles per gallon by 2020 . senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said tuesday 's bill was `` a great , wonderful first step for an energy revolution that starts in america and ripples throughout the world . ''
the bill -- approved overwhelmingly tuesday by the house of representatives -- raises automotive fuel economy standards for the first time in more than three decades , requiring a corporate average of 35 miles per gallon by 2020 . house opponents such as rep. joe barton , r-texas , complained that the bill will undo many of the efforts made to foster increased production of fossil fuels in an energy bill passed in 2005 .
a republican filibuster in the senate removed provisions that bush objected to that would have eliminated tax breaks for oil companies and a requirement that electric utilities produce a portion of their power from alternative sources . senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said tuesday 's bill was `` a great , wonderful first step for an energy revolution that starts in america and ripples throughout the world . ''
a republican filibuster in the senate removed provisions that bush objected to that would have eliminated tax breaks for oil companies and a requirement that electric utilities produce a portion of their power from alternative sources . house opponents such as rep. joe barton , r-texas , complained that the bill will undo many of the efforts made to foster increased production of fossil fuels in an energy bill passed in 2005 .
senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said tuesday 's bill was `` a great , wonderful first step for an energy revolution that starts in america and ripples throughout the world . '' house opponents such as rep. joe barton , r-texas , complained that the bill will undo many of the efforts made to foster increased production of fossil fuels in an energy bill passed in 2005 .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- stranded in the snowy california woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a christmas tree , a father and his three children fashioned a `` help '' sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road , according to the helicopter pilots who found them . dominguez and his children -- christopher , 18 ; lexi , 14 ; and joshua , 12 -- were reported missing monday night by dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of sacramento .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- stranded in the snowy california woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a christmas tree , a father and his three children fashioned a `` help '' sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road , according to the helicopter pilots who found them . dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word `` help '' near the culvert , where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- stranded in the snowy california woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a christmas tree , a father and his three children fashioned a `` help '' sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road , according to the helicopter pilots who found them . mayor alan white , whose son played soccer on the same team as joshua last year , said he and many others in and around paradise have cut christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- stranded in the snowy california woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a christmas tree , a father and his three children fashioned a `` help '' sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road , according to the helicopter pilots who found them . `` when they turned around , man , i was just praising god and saying , ` thank you lord , thank you lord , ' because i knew we had made it , '' he said .
dominguez and his children -- christopher , 18 ; lexi , 14 ; and joshua , 12 -- were reported missing monday night by dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of sacramento . dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word `` help '' near the culvert , where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite .
dominguez and his children -- christopher , 18 ; lexi , 14 ; and joshua , 12 -- were reported missing monday night by dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of sacramento . mayor alan white , whose son played soccer on the same team as joshua last year , said he and many others in and around paradise have cut christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished .
dominguez and his children -- christopher , 18 ; lexi , 14 ; and joshua , 12 -- were reported missing monday night by dominguez 's former wife and the children 's mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of sacramento . `` when they turned around , man , i was just praising god and saying , ` thank you lord , thank you lord , ' because i knew we had made it , '' he said .
dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word `` help '' near the culvert , where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite . mayor alan white , whose son played soccer on the same team as joshua last year , said he and many others in and around paradise have cut christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished .
dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word `` help '' near the culvert , where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other 's shirts to help stave off frostbite . `` when they turned around , man , i was just praising god and saying , ` thank you lord , thank you lord , ' because i knew we had made it , '' he said .
mayor alan white , whose son played soccer on the same team as joshua last year , said he and many others in and around paradise have cut christmas trees in the same place where the family vanished . `` when they turned around , man , i was just praising god and saying , ` thank you lord , thank you lord , ' because i knew we had made it , '' he said .
flight attendants with sick passengers call good samaritan hospital in phoenix , arizona , a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time , she said . during the 1990s , overseas airlines began carrying more sophisticated equipment , and pressure increased for u.s.-based airlines to follow , said dr. russell rayman , executive director of the aerospace medical association , which has roughly 3,000 members including physicians , research scientists and flight nurses .
flight attendants with sick passengers call good samaritan hospital in phoenix , arizona , a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time , she said . each of the nine-pound , $ 250 kits includes aspirin , alcohol swabs , nitroglycerine tablets , antihistamines , iv tubing , a stethoscope , a blood-pressure gauge , a bronchodilator , syringes , gloves , saline solution , epinephrine , dextrose , a manual resuscitation bag , alcohol pads and shears .
flight attendants with sick passengers call good samaritan hospital in phoenix , arizona , a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time , she said . on average , the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day , and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships , she said .
flight attendants with sick passengers call good samaritan hospital in phoenix , arizona , a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time , she said . `` very rarely '' does the call result in a diversion , a decision made not by the doctor but by the pilot who must consider a number of variables beyond the passenger 's health , she said .
during the 1990s , overseas airlines began carrying more sophisticated equipment , and pressure increased for u.s.-based airlines to follow , said dr. russell rayman , executive director of the aerospace medical association , which has roughly 3,000 members including physicians , research scientists and flight nurses . each of the nine-pound , $ 250 kits includes aspirin , alcohol swabs , nitroglycerine tablets , antihistamines , iv tubing , a stethoscope , a blood-pressure gauge , a bronchodilator , syringes , gloves , saline solution , epinephrine , dextrose , a manual resuscitation bag , alcohol pads and shears .
during the 1990s , overseas airlines began carrying more sophisticated equipment , and pressure increased for u.s.-based airlines to follow , said dr. russell rayman , executive director of the aerospace medical association , which has roughly 3,000 members including physicians , research scientists and flight nurses . on average , the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day , and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships , she said .
during the 1990s , overseas airlines began carrying more sophisticated equipment , and pressure increased for u.s.-based airlines to follow , said dr. russell rayman , executive director of the aerospace medical association , which has roughly 3,000 members including physicians , research scientists and flight nurses . `` very rarely '' does the call result in a diversion , a decision made not by the doctor but by the pilot who must consider a number of variables beyond the passenger 's health , she said .
each of the nine-pound , $ 250 kits includes aspirin , alcohol swabs , nitroglycerine tablets , antihistamines , iv tubing , a stethoscope , a blood-pressure gauge , a bronchodilator , syringes , gloves , saline solution , epinephrine , dextrose , a manual resuscitation bag , alcohol pads and shears . on average , the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day , and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships , she said .
each of the nine-pound , $ 250 kits includes aspirin , alcohol swabs , nitroglycerine tablets , antihistamines , iv tubing , a stethoscope , a blood-pressure gauge , a bronchodilator , syringes , gloves , saline solution , epinephrine , dextrose , a manual resuscitation bag , alcohol pads and shears . `` very rarely '' does the call result in a diversion , a decision made not by the doctor but by the pilot who must consider a number of variables beyond the passenger 's health , she said .
on average , the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day , and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships , she said . `` very rarely '' does the call result in a diversion , a decision made not by the doctor but by the pilot who must consider a number of variables beyond the passenger 's health , she said .
he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still can not remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it .
he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead . rees told cnn he wrote the book to give a definitive account of what he remembered and knew , but also to counter al fayed 's accusations that his unprofessionalism caused the accident .
he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead . rees testified that he was not lying about his memory loss : `` i have no memory of -- after leaving the back of the hotel , that 's my last true memory . ''
he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead . rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still can not remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it . rees told cnn he wrote the book to give a definitive account of what he remembered and knew , but also to counter al fayed 's accusations that his unprofessionalism caused the accident .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still can not remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it . rees testified that he was not lying about his memory loss : `` i have no memory of -- after leaving the back of the hotel , that 's my last true memory . ''
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still can not remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it . rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident .
rees told cnn he wrote the book to give a definitive account of what he remembered and knew , but also to counter al fayed 's accusations that his unprofessionalism caused the accident . rees testified that he was not lying about his memory loss : `` i have no memory of -- after leaving the back of the hotel , that 's my last true memory . ''
rees told cnn he wrote the book to give a definitive account of what he remembered and knew , but also to counter al fayed 's accusations that his unprofessionalism caused the accident . rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident .
rees testified that he was not lying about his memory loss : `` i have no memory of -- after leaving the back of the hotel , that 's my last true memory . '' rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident .
a giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for aids awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the white house friday morning `` to represent the continued battle against hiv/aids and to affirm the matchless value of every life , '' the white house said . mount airy , maryland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. president george w. bush on friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against aids , calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of world aids day .
a giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for aids awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the white house friday morning `` to represent the continued battle against hiv/aids and to affirm the matchless value of every life , '' the white house said . bush is asking congress for an additional $ 15 billion to continue and expand the president 's emergency plan for aids relief , a program approved by congress after he announced it in his 2003 state of the union address .
a giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for aids awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the white house friday morning `` to represent the continued battle against hiv/aids and to affirm the matchless value of every life , '' the white house said . the white house says the program -- which targets countries hardest-hit by the disease -- has treated more than 1.3 million people with aids .
a giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for aids awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the white house friday morning `` to represent the continued battle against hiv/aids and to affirm the matchless value of every life , '' the white house said . watch a report on living with hiv '' more than 2 million people have died of aids this year -- including 330,000 children .
mount airy , maryland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. president george w. bush on friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against aids , calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of world aids day . bush is asking congress for an additional $ 15 billion to continue and expand the president 's emergency plan for aids relief , a program approved by congress after he announced it in his 2003 state of the union address .
mount airy , maryland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. president george w. bush on friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against aids , calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of world aids day . the white house says the program -- which targets countries hardest-hit by the disease -- has treated more than 1.3 million people with aids .
mount airy , maryland -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- u.s. president george w. bush on friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against aids , calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of world aids day . watch a report on living with hiv '' more than 2 million people have died of aids this year -- including 330,000 children .
bush is asking congress for an additional $ 15 billion to continue and expand the president 's emergency plan for aids relief , a program approved by congress after he announced it in his 2003 state of the union address . the white house says the program -- which targets countries hardest-hit by the disease -- has treated more than 1.3 million people with aids .
bush is asking congress for an additional $ 15 billion to continue and expand the president 's emergency plan for aids relief , a program approved by congress after he announced it in his 2003 state of the union address . watch a report on living with hiv '' more than 2 million people have died of aids this year -- including 330,000 children .
the white house says the program -- which targets countries hardest-hit by the disease -- has treated more than 1.3 million people with aids . watch a report on living with hiv '' more than 2 million people have died of aids this year -- including 330,000 children .
the two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in australia 's northern territory tuesday when a crocodile grabbed jason grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told cnn . -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said .
the two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in australia 's northern territory tuesday when a crocodile grabbed jason grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told cnn . grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds .
the two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in australia 's northern territory tuesday when a crocodile grabbed jason grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told cnn . but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden .
the two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in australia 's northern territory tuesday when a crocodile grabbed jason grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told cnn . the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant 's arm .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said . grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said . but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said . the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant 's arm .
grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden .
grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant 's arm .
but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden . the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant 's arm .
watch feds say they 've ` cut off the head ' of crime family '' key to the gambino arrests thursday was a member of the attorney general 's organized crime task force who infiltrated the gambino family and recorded hundred of hours of conversations , said john milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . watch the prosecutor explain why authorities acted now '' police say that in his attempt to rise to power , le piccolo tried to mend fences with new york-based mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody mafia wars of the 1980s .
watch feds say they 've ` cut off the head ' of crime family '' key to the gambino arrests thursday was a member of the attorney general 's organized crime task force who infiltrated the gambino family and recorded hundred of hours of conversations , said john milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a massive anti-mafia sweep that stretched from new york to sicily has not only cut off the head of the gambino crime family but lopped off `` the shoulders and chest '' too , prosecutors said thursday .
watch feds say they 've ` cut off the head ' of crime family '' key to the gambino arrests thursday was a member of the attorney general 's organized crime task force who infiltrated the gambino family and recorded hundred of hours of conversations , said john milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other mafia clans in sicily oppose the return of the inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new mafia war .
watch feds say they 've ` cut off the head ' of crime family '' key to the gambino arrests thursday was a member of the attorney general 's organized crime task force who infiltrated the gambino family and recorded hundred of hours of conversations , said john milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . watch the perp walk '' several companies allegedly paid a `` mob tax '' in return for `` protection '' and `` permission to operate , '' said gordon heddell , inspector general of the u.s. department of labor .
watch the prosecutor explain why authorities acted now '' police say that in his attempt to rise to power , le piccolo tried to mend fences with new york-based mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody mafia wars of the 1980s . new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a massive anti-mafia sweep that stretched from new york to sicily has not only cut off the head of the gambino crime family but lopped off `` the shoulders and chest '' too , prosecutors said thursday .
watch the prosecutor explain why authorities acted now '' police say that in his attempt to rise to power , le piccolo tried to mend fences with new york-based mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody mafia wars of the 1980s . italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other mafia clans in sicily oppose the return of the inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new mafia war .
watch the prosecutor explain why authorities acted now '' police say that in his attempt to rise to power , le piccolo tried to mend fences with new york-based mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody mafia wars of the 1980s . watch the perp walk '' several companies allegedly paid a `` mob tax '' in return for `` protection '' and `` permission to operate , '' said gordon heddell , inspector general of the u.s. department of labor .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a massive anti-mafia sweep that stretched from new york to sicily has not only cut off the head of the gambino crime family but lopped off `` the shoulders and chest '' too , prosecutors said thursday . italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other mafia clans in sicily oppose the return of the inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new mafia war .
new york -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a massive anti-mafia sweep that stretched from new york to sicily has not only cut off the head of the gambino crime family but lopped off `` the shoulders and chest '' too , prosecutors said thursday . watch the perp walk '' several companies allegedly paid a `` mob tax '' in return for `` protection '' and `` permission to operate , '' said gordon heddell , inspector general of the u.s. department of labor .
italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other mafia clans in sicily oppose the return of the inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new mafia war . watch the perp walk '' several companies allegedly paid a `` mob tax '' in return for `` protection '' and `` permission to operate , '' said gordon heddell , inspector general of the u.s. department of labor .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into san francisco bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the marin county sheriff 's department told cnn on friday . the california department of fish and game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman steve martarano said .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into san francisco bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the marin county sheriff 's department told cnn on friday . see the spill from the air '' the sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to greg renick of the california office of emergency services .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into san francisco bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the marin county sheriff 's department told cnn on friday . a pump failed at the south marin sanitation district 's waste treatment facility in the town of mill valley , said lt. doug pittman .
san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into san francisco bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility , the marin county sheriff 's department told cnn on friday . the accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. thursday , according to a statement from marin county 's emergency operations center .
the california department of fish and game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman steve martarano said . see the spill from the air '' the sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to greg renick of the california office of emergency services .
the california department of fish and game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman steve martarano said . a pump failed at the south marin sanitation district 's waste treatment facility in the town of mill valley , said lt. doug pittman .
the california department of fish and game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early friday , and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill , agency spokesman steve martarano said . the accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. thursday , according to a statement from marin county 's emergency operations center .
see the spill from the air '' the sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to greg renick of the california office of emergency services . a pump failed at the south marin sanitation district 's waste treatment facility in the town of mill valley , said lt. doug pittman .
see the spill from the air '' the sewage and storm water was partially treated , according to greg renick of the california office of emergency services . the accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. thursday , according to a statement from marin county 's emergency operations center .
a pump failed at the south marin sanitation district 's waste treatment facility in the town of mill valley , said lt. doug pittman . the accidental release occurred between 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. thursday , according to a statement from marin county 's emergency operations center .
sen. hillary clinton , a democratic presidential candidate from new york , said saturday that she would try to persuade musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the united states and perhaps great britain . the new york times reported sunday that the bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of pakistan to shore up support for musharraf 's government and to find bin laden and his second in command , ayman al-zawahiri .
sen. hillary clinton , a democratic presidential candidate from new york , said saturday that she would try to persuade musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the united states and perhaps great britain . the associated press of pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of bhutto 's last moments three times , and looked at bird 's eye view photographs of liaqat bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the rawalpindi public site .
sen. hillary clinton , a democratic presidential candidate from new york , said saturday that she would try to persuade musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the united states and perhaps great britain . asked about the hunt for al qaeda leader osama bin laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between pakistan and afghanistan , musharraf said , `` there is no proof whatsoever that he 's here .
sen. hillary clinton , a democratic presidential candidate from new york , said saturday that she would try to persuade musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the united states and perhaps great britain . democratic presidential candidate bill richardson of new mexico told cnn 's `` late edition with wolf blitzer '' that , though he had not heard details of the plan , `` it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . ''
the new york times reported sunday that the bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of pakistan to shore up support for musharraf 's government and to find bin laden and his second in command , ayman al-zawahiri . the associated press of pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of bhutto 's last moments three times , and looked at bird 's eye view photographs of liaqat bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the rawalpindi public site .
the new york times reported sunday that the bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of pakistan to shore up support for musharraf 's government and to find bin laden and his second in command , ayman al-zawahiri . asked about the hunt for al qaeda leader osama bin laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between pakistan and afghanistan , musharraf said , `` there is no proof whatsoever that he 's here .
the new york times reported sunday that the bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of pakistan to shore up support for musharraf 's government and to find bin laden and his second in command , ayman al-zawahiri . democratic presidential candidate bill richardson of new mexico told cnn 's `` late edition with wolf blitzer '' that , though he had not heard details of the plan , `` it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . ''
the associated press of pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of bhutto 's last moments three times , and looked at bird 's eye view photographs of liaqat bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the rawalpindi public site . asked about the hunt for al qaeda leader osama bin laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between pakistan and afghanistan , musharraf said , `` there is no proof whatsoever that he 's here .
the associated press of pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of bhutto 's last moments three times , and looked at bird 's eye view photographs of liaqat bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the rawalpindi public site . democratic presidential candidate bill richardson of new mexico told cnn 's `` late edition with wolf blitzer '' that , though he had not heard details of the plan , `` it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . ''
asked about the hunt for al qaeda leader osama bin laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between pakistan and afghanistan , musharraf said , `` there is no proof whatsoever that he 's here . democratic presidential candidate bill richardson of new mexico told cnn 's `` late edition with wolf blitzer '' that , though he had not heard details of the plan , `` it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . ''
`` in our view , at age 12 , m 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination '' of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote chief justice paul de muniz for the six-member panel . `` forcing m at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between m and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for m. '' there was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys .
`` in our view , at age 12 , m 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination '' of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote chief justice paul de muniz for the six-member panel . by then , james had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure .
`` in our view , at age 12 , m 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination '' of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote chief justice paul de muniz for the six-member panel . lia boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure .
`` in our view , at age 12 , m 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination '' of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote chief justice paul de muniz for the six-member panel . james boldt said that as a jew and the primary caregiver , he has a first amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child .
`` forcing m at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between m and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for m. '' there was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys . by then , james had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure .
`` forcing m at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between m and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for m. '' there was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys . lia boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure .
`` forcing m at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between m and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for m. '' there was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys . james boldt said that as a jew and the primary caregiver , he has a first amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child .
by then , james had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure . lia boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure .
by then , james had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure . james boldt said that as a jew and the primary caregiver , he has a first amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child .
lia boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure . james boldt said that as a jew and the primary caregiver , he has a first amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child .
`` it is a sad day when members of one of america 's most elite corps of soldiers , the army rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , '' u.s. attorney david e. nahmias said of the case . lopez , white and champagne were arrested thursday at a storage facility in sandy springs , georgia , a suburb just north of atlanta , by agents of the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives who had set up a sting operation .
`` it is a sad day when members of one of america 's most elite corps of soldiers , the army rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , '' u.s. attorney david e. nahmias said of the case . lopez , white and champagne were to commit the robbery while spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with u.s. district court .
`` it is a sad day when members of one of america 's most elite corps of soldiers , the army rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , '' u.s. attorney david e. nahmias said of the case . the first try to set up the `` robbery '' failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the ranger camp .
`` it is a sad day when members of one of america 's most elite corps of soldiers , the army rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , '' u.s. attorney david e. nahmias said of the case . a subsequent search found that lopez , white and champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an ar-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle .
lopez , white and champagne were arrested thursday at a storage facility in sandy springs , georgia , a suburb just north of atlanta , by agents of the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives who had set up a sting operation . lopez , white and champagne were to commit the robbery while spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with u.s. district court .
lopez , white and champagne were arrested thursday at a storage facility in sandy springs , georgia , a suburb just north of atlanta , by agents of the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives who had set up a sting operation . the first try to set up the `` robbery '' failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the ranger camp .
lopez , white and champagne were arrested thursday at a storage facility in sandy springs , georgia , a suburb just north of atlanta , by agents of the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives who had set up a sting operation . a subsequent search found that lopez , white and champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an ar-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle .
lopez , white and champagne were to commit the robbery while spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with u.s. district court . the first try to set up the `` robbery '' failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the ranger camp .
lopez , white and champagne were to commit the robbery while spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with u.s. district court . a subsequent search found that lopez , white and champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an ar-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle .
the first try to set up the `` robbery '' failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the ranger camp . a subsequent search found that lopez , white and champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an ar-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle .
`` it 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our navy do , the presence is important , '' adm. mike mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said thursday . and a bush administration official told cnn the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringsyria that `` the u.s. is concerned about the situation in lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . ''
`` it 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our navy do , the presence is important , '' adm. mike mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said thursday . despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief gen. michel suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote .
`` it 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our navy do , the presence is important , '' adm. mike mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said thursday . mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week .
`` it 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our navy do , the presence is important , '' adm. mike mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said thursday . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the u.s. navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer uss cole and other ships to the eastern mediterranean sea off lebanon , pentagon officials said thursday .
and a bush administration official told cnn the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringsyria that `` the u.s. is concerned about the situation in lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . '' despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief gen. michel suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote .
and a bush administration official told cnn the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringsyria that `` the u.s. is concerned about the situation in lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . '' mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week .
and a bush administration official told cnn the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringsyria that `` the u.s. is concerned about the situation in lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . '' washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the u.s. navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer uss cole and other ships to the eastern mediterranean sea off lebanon , pentagon officials said thursday .
despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief gen. michel suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote . mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week .
despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief gen. michel suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the u.s. navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer uss cole and other ships to the eastern mediterranean sea off lebanon , pentagon officials said thursday .
mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week . washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the u.s. navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer uss cole and other ships to the eastern mediterranean sea off lebanon , pentagon officials said thursday .
as night fell saturday , the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters ' gathering , and tracer fire could be seen in the sky , according to another yerevan resident , who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety . the organization for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- monitored last month 's armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report .
as night fell saturday , the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters ' gathering , and tracer fire could be seen in the sky , according to another yerevan resident , who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety . `` we are hoping with the help of the international community , the opposition , the leader of the opposition , will come and enter a political dialogue rather than continuing this debate on the streets , '' she said .
as night fell saturday , the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters ' gathering , and tracer fire could be seen in the sky , according to another yerevan resident , who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety . watch a report on clashes between police and the opposition '' the embassy official estimated that the demonstrations in freedom square grew to as many as 60,000 armenians at times over the last 10 days .
as night fell saturday , the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters ' gathering , and tracer fire could be seen in the sky , according to another yerevan resident , who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety . the u.s. embassy has warned the several hundred americans living in yerevan to stay at home and avoid the downtown area where the demonstrations have been taking place , the u.s. official said .
the organization for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- monitored last month 's armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report . `` we are hoping with the help of the international community , the opposition , the leader of the opposition , will come and enter a political dialogue rather than continuing this debate on the streets , '' she said .
the organization for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- monitored last month 's armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report . watch a report on clashes between police and the opposition '' the embassy official estimated that the demonstrations in freedom square grew to as many as 60,000 armenians at times over the last 10 days .
the organization for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- monitored last month 's armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report . the u.s. embassy has warned the several hundred americans living in yerevan to stay at home and avoid the downtown area where the demonstrations have been taking place , the u.s. official said .
`` we are hoping with the help of the international community , the opposition , the leader of the opposition , will come and enter a political dialogue rather than continuing this debate on the streets , '' she said . watch a report on clashes between police and the opposition '' the embassy official estimated that the demonstrations in freedom square grew to as many as 60,000 armenians at times over the last 10 days .
`` we are hoping with the help of the international community , the opposition , the leader of the opposition , will come and enter a political dialogue rather than continuing this debate on the streets , '' she said . the u.s. embassy has warned the several hundred americans living in yerevan to stay at home and avoid the downtown area where the demonstrations have been taking place , the u.s. official said .
watch a report on clashes between police and the opposition '' the embassy official estimated that the demonstrations in freedom square grew to as many as 60,000 armenians at times over the last 10 days . the u.s. embassy has warned the several hundred americans living in yerevan to stay at home and avoid the downtown area where the demonstrations have been taking place , the u.s. official said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on `` 60 minutes , '' scheduled for sunday broadcast .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , '' piro said .
-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture . once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said .
according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on `` 60 minutes , '' scheduled for sunday broadcast . during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site .
according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on `` 60 minutes , '' scheduled for sunday broadcast . he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , '' piro said .
according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on `` 60 minutes , '' scheduled for sunday broadcast . once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said .
during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site . he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , '' piro said .
during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site . once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said .
he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , '' piro said . once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said .
`` we 're talking about people that have grown up here in the u.s. in latino households , most likely with their parents speaking spanish at home , eating certain foods at home , certain values and traditions that are instilled in them , from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family , these sorts of things , '' chitel said . those areas include interpersonal relationships -lrb- latinos tend to emphasize family ; individuality is not as important -rrb- , perceptions of time and space -lrb- they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy -rrb- , and spirituality -lrb- religion and spirituality have a strong influence on latino life and perception of the world -rrb- .
`` we 're talking about people that have grown up here in the u.s. in latino households , most likely with their parents speaking spanish at home , eating certain foods at home , certain values and traditions that are instilled in them , from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family , these sorts of things , '' chitel said . the association of hispanic advertising agencies embarked on a latino cultural identity project last year -- when kravetz was the organization 's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional spanish-language market .
`` we 're talking about people that have grown up here in the u.s. in latino households , most likely with their parents speaking spanish at home , eating certain foods at home , certain values and traditions that are instilled in them , from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family , these sorts of things , '' chitel said . others , such as carl j. kravetz , a longtime veteran of hispanic marketing , said similarities among the different subsets of latinos do show a latino identity , one partly fused through the group 's experience in the united states .
`` we 're talking about people that have grown up here in the u.s. in latino households , most likely with their parents speaking spanish at home , eating certain foods at home , certain values and traditions that are instilled in them , from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family , these sorts of things , '' chitel said . david chitel , the founder of new generation latino consortium , a group of advertising and media companies , also said there are definite cultural ties among latinos , particularly between those born in the united states .
those areas include interpersonal relationships -lrb- latinos tend to emphasize family ; individuality is not as important -rrb- , perceptions of time and space -lrb- they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy -rrb- , and spirituality -lrb- religion and spirituality have a strong influence on latino life and perception of the world -rrb- . the association of hispanic advertising agencies embarked on a latino cultural identity project last year -- when kravetz was the organization 's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional spanish-language market .
those areas include interpersonal relationships -lrb- latinos tend to emphasize family ; individuality is not as important -rrb- , perceptions of time and space -lrb- they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy -rrb- , and spirituality -lrb- religion and spirituality have a strong influence on latino life and perception of the world -rrb- . others , such as carl j. kravetz , a longtime veteran of hispanic marketing , said similarities among the different subsets of latinos do show a latino identity , one partly fused through the group 's experience in the united states .
those areas include interpersonal relationships -lrb- latinos tend to emphasize family ; individuality is not as important -rrb- , perceptions of time and space -lrb- they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy -rrb- , and spirituality -lrb- religion and spirituality have a strong influence on latino life and perception of the world -rrb- . david chitel , the founder of new generation latino consortium , a group of advertising and media companies , also said there are definite cultural ties among latinos , particularly between those born in the united states .
the association of hispanic advertising agencies embarked on a latino cultural identity project last year -- when kravetz was the organization 's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional spanish-language market . others , such as carl j. kravetz , a longtime veteran of hispanic marketing , said similarities among the different subsets of latinos do show a latino identity , one partly fused through the group 's experience in the united states .
the association of hispanic advertising agencies embarked on a latino cultural identity project last year -- when kravetz was the organization 's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional spanish-language market . david chitel , the founder of new generation latino consortium , a group of advertising and media companies , also said there are definite cultural ties among latinos , particularly between those born in the united states .
others , such as carl j. kravetz , a longtime veteran of hispanic marketing , said similarities among the different subsets of latinos do show a latino identity , one partly fused through the group 's experience in the united states . david chitel , the founder of new generation latino consortium , a group of advertising and media companies , also said there are definite cultural ties among latinos , particularly between those born in the united states .
 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

 the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .
  the twins get a check-up -lrb- 2/26/08 -rrb-  video : nancy grace introduces on set 2-14-08  the twins go out for a stroll -lrb- 2/11/08 -rrb-  the twins at 3 months -lrb- 2/4/08 -rrb-  the twins in january -lrb- 1/21/08 -rrb-  video : first video of nancy grace 's twins e-mail to a friend .

`` the great majority of people , including all the passengers , have been safely taken off the explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call , '' dave jardine-smith , head of the maritime and coastguard agency 's -lrb- mca -rrb- search and rescue team in england said . london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in antarctic waters , a chilean navy captain told cnn .
`` the great majority of people , including all the passengers , have been safely taken off the explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call , '' dave jardine-smith , head of the maritime and coastguard agency 's -lrb- mca -rrb- search and rescue team in england said . `` they do get very bad storms down that way , and gale force winds especially , because there is no land in the way , '' he told pa. .
`` the great majority of people , including all the passengers , have been safely taken off the explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call , '' dave jardine-smith , head of the maritime and coastguard agency 's -lrb- mca -rrb- search and rescue team in england said . carlos munita of the chilean navy said they received a distress call from the explorer , saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. et thursday .
`` the great majority of people , including all the passengers , have been safely taken off the explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call , '' dave jardine-smith , head of the maritime and coastguard agency 's -lrb- mca -rrb- search and rescue team in england said . stephen davenport , senior forecaster with meteogroup , said : `` it would n't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in antarctic waters , a chilean navy captain told cnn . `` they do get very bad storms down that way , and gale force winds especially , because there is no land in the way , '' he told pa. .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in antarctic waters , a chilean navy captain told cnn . carlos munita of the chilean navy said they received a distress call from the explorer , saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. et thursday .
london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- more than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in antarctic waters , a chilean navy captain told cnn . stephen davenport , senior forecaster with meteogroup , said : `` it would n't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea .
`` they do get very bad storms down that way , and gale force winds especially , because there is no land in the way , '' he told pa. . carlos munita of the chilean navy said they received a distress call from the explorer , saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. et thursday .
`` they do get very bad storms down that way , and gale force winds especially , because there is no land in the way , '' he told pa. . stephen davenport , senior forecaster with meteogroup , said : `` it would n't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea .
carlos munita of the chilean navy said they received a distress call from the explorer , saying the vessel had hit an iceberg around 10 p.m. et thursday . stephen davenport , senior forecaster with meteogroup , said : `` it would n't take long for hypothermia to set in at that kind of temperature in the sea .
obama 's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement sunday by the atlanta journal-constitution , which cited his `` appeal across many of the lines that have divided america , '' adding that `` both clinton and obama would make very good presidents , -lsb- but -rsb- obama is the person ; this is his time . '' `` when we were dealing with the dates of the primary , we tried to work in the symbolism that it would have to all of the world , for that matter , to have this debate on martin luther king jr. 's birthday celebration , '' clyburn told blitzer , who is the moderator of the event .
obama 's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement sunday by the atlanta journal-constitution , which cited his `` appeal across many of the lines that have divided america , '' adding that `` both clinton and obama would make very good presidents , -lsb- but -rsb- obama is the person ; this is his time . '' butts said outside the church : `` a vote for hillary clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen , and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity . ''
obama 's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement sunday by the atlanta journal-constitution , which cited his `` appeal across many of the lines that have divided america , '' adding that `` both clinton and obama would make very good presidents , -lsb- but -rsb- obama is the person ; this is his time . '' watch clinton , obama reach out to black voters '' obama recalled the legacy of discrimination against african-americans but challenged the audience at the historic black church to take a look at a few lingering prejudices among some within the community .
obama 's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement sunday by the atlanta journal-constitution , which cited his `` appeal across many of the lines that have divided america , '' adding that `` both clinton and obama would make very good presidents , -lsb- but -rsb- obama is the person ; this is his time . '' if we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to king 's vision of a beloved community , '' obama said , citing homophobia , anti-semitism and anti-immigrant sentiment .
`` when we were dealing with the dates of the primary , we tried to work in the symbolism that it would have to all of the world , for that matter , to have this debate on martin luther king jr. 's birthday celebration , '' clyburn told blitzer , who is the moderator of the event . butts said outside the church : `` a vote for hillary clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen , and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity . ''
`` when we were dealing with the dates of the primary , we tried to work in the symbolism that it would have to all of the world , for that matter , to have this debate on martin luther king jr. 's birthday celebration , '' clyburn told blitzer , who is the moderator of the event . watch clinton , obama reach out to black voters '' obama recalled the legacy of discrimination against african-americans but challenged the audience at the historic black church to take a look at a few lingering prejudices among some within the community .
`` when we were dealing with the dates of the primary , we tried to work in the symbolism that it would have to all of the world , for that matter , to have this debate on martin luther king jr. 's birthday celebration , '' clyburn told blitzer , who is the moderator of the event . if we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to king 's vision of a beloved community , '' obama said , citing homophobia , anti-semitism and anti-immigrant sentiment .
butts said outside the church : `` a vote for hillary clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen , and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity . '' watch clinton , obama reach out to black voters '' obama recalled the legacy of discrimination against african-americans but challenged the audience at the historic black church to take a look at a few lingering prejudices among some within the community .
butts said outside the church : `` a vote for hillary clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen , and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity . '' if we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to king 's vision of a beloved community , '' obama said , citing homophobia , anti-semitism and anti-immigrant sentiment .
watch clinton , obama reach out to black voters '' obama recalled the legacy of discrimination against african-americans but challenged the audience at the historic black church to take a look at a few lingering prejudices among some within the community . if we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to king 's vision of a beloved community , '' obama said , citing homophobia , anti-semitism and anti-immigrant sentiment .
`` for everyone here in ohio and across america who 's been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up -- this one is for you , '' clinton said before supporters in columbus . `` i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , '' mccain told supporters tuesday night .
`` for everyone here in ohio and across america who 's been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up -- this one is for you , '' clinton said before supporters in columbus . cnn 's political team weighs in on the results '' `` we know this : no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , '' obama told supporters in texas .
`` for everyone here in ohio and across america who 's been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up -- this one is for you , '' clinton said before supporters in columbus . `` it 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be -- and that is a united party , '' huckabee told a crowd in dallas .
`` for everyone here in ohio and across america who 's been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up -- this one is for you , '' clinton said before supporters in columbus . the arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the white house -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising .
`` i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , '' mccain told supporters tuesday night . cnn 's political team weighs in on the results '' `` we know this : no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , '' obama told supporters in texas .
`` i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , '' mccain told supporters tuesday night . `` it 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be -- and that is a united party , '' huckabee told a crowd in dallas .
`` i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , '' mccain told supporters tuesday night . the arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the white house -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising .
cnn 's political team weighs in on the results '' `` we know this : no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , '' obama told supporters in texas . `` it 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be -- and that is a united party , '' huckabee told a crowd in dallas .
cnn 's political team weighs in on the results '' `` we know this : no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , '' obama told supporters in texas . the arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the white house -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising .
`` it 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be -- and that is a united party , '' huckabee told a crowd in dallas . the arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the white house -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising .
